it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir . '
100,000 people have died in kashmir since 1989 . 10 thousand people are missing . yet nobody cares because the ain't from paris and they are muslims ....   "
shame on pmln and ppp for selling kashmir today , shame on the for working for anti pakistan forces , not even a single party tweet from any of these parties about solidarity with kashmir , all they want is nro , this nation will never forgive u zardari shareef and co '
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
two sons of two martyrs !    
at every martyrdom kashmiris revive their ideology of resistance against occupational forces . chant slogans kashmir bnay ga pakistan '
and while you were busy lip service doesnt work !  
humans without human rights it's kashmir !   "
example of cruelty inflicted upon kashmiris by indian forces in occupied .  
"all folks that love humanity have to come ahead to resolve this dispute due to the fact this is the longest pending dispute within the global ." '
dear   what has stopped you from speaking in the favour of kashmir cause ? it's not politics   "
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .  
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir . '
for the last 7 decades the kashmiris have been seen only brutal face of india and living lives of uncertainty chaos and harassment '
today but soon , will decide the fate of this hindu zionists entity .. pak army is now fully geared for this war doctrine .'
kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful . '
heartwrenching scenes from encounter site .. india is a terrorist state . shame on you india '
kashmiris live in constant fear , humiliation and harassment by indian army .'
at every martyrdom kashmiris revive their ideology of resistance against occupational forces . chant slogans kashmir bnay ga pakistan '
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir . '
heartwrenching scenes from encounter site .. india is a terrorist state . shame on you india '
kashmir song sangbaaz (official video ) | ispr official   via   '
  must take steps finally to resolve the long standing issue , its for humanity its for peace else un will unable to stop if started anything beyond imaginations .  
my crime is that i am ..  
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir . stop hurting kashmir '
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .  
''a country without conscience is a country without soul ,and a country without a soul is a country that cannot survive '' churchill "
kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful .    
heartwrenching scenes from encounter site .. india is a terrorist state . shame on you india  
heartwrenching scenes from encounter site .. india is a terrorist state . shame on you india  
imagine the day when "you were watching movies , hanging out wid friends , eating delicious foods , sleeping on bed , watching pain nd misery of kashmiris nd still being silent " and allah asks you what you did for welafare and peace of my people ? '
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .  
we don't any muslim state takes action for peace in ? why they are silent even they see brutality of ? why kashmir is still not free ? "
scholar sabzar and manaan were the ideas which they bury in graves , but they don't know graveyards are the perfect place to germinate them into blooming ideology which will sweep the roots of tyranny and occupation .   "
brutality of indian army in kashmir is unacceptable . '
love and prayers for kashmir !  
at every martyrdom kashmiris revive their ideology of resistance against occupational forces . chant slogans kashmir bnay ga pakistan .  
heartwrenching scenes from encounter site .. india is a terrorist state . shame on you india  
heartwrenching scenes from encounter site .. india is a terrorist state . shame on you india '
  at every martyrdom kashmiris revive their ideology of resistance against occupational forces . chant slogans  
kashmiris live in constant fear , humiliation and harassment by indian army .  
why justice has made so expensive for kashmiris ?  
kashmiris reject indias illegal occupation on their motherland .  
today but soon , will decide the fate of this hindu zionists entity .. pak army is now fully geared for this war doctrine .  
heartwrenching scenes from encounter site .. india is a terrorist state . shame on you india  
heartwrenching scenes from encounter site .. india is a terrorist state . shame on you india  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .  
kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful .  
at every martyrdom kashmiris revive their ideology of resistance against occupational forces . chant slogans kashmir bnay ga pakistan  
kashmiris live in constant fear , humiliation and harassment by indian army .  
for the last 7 decades the kashmiris have been seen only brutal face of india and living lives of uncertainty chaos and harassment  
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
calendar records : the bloodiest month of from to atleast 50 people were killed in . these include 28 , 14 civilians , and 8 police and other security personnel .  
bloodiest october 2018 .    
dear mother , don't stand at my grave nd weep , i m not there , i'm in gentle shower of rain , i'm one of the birds that sing , i'm in each n every lovely thing . do not stand at my grave and cry , i'm not there ,'i did not die ' '' i 'm shaheed '' ~   "
many people justifying the killing of policeman . it's true that any atrocity by police personnel is condemnable .. but justifying any kind of violence is not good for . "
maintain discipline and order during resistance , show wisdom : sas geelani to youth . '
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
indian animals shooting innocent kashmiri people ... indian state sponsored terrorists  
: the unanswered questions    
"those who are silent when others are oppressed are guilty of oppression themselves ." imam hussain (as) these are the days to raise awareness of the crimes against these are the days of truth and justice ...  
has s blood on its hands , but wont admit it         must read  
julie ward   is the british member of european parliament from labour party julie ward expresses grave concerns over indian atrocities in iok  
when a single bullet silenced a pregnant mother and her unborn child in pulwama . by aamir ali bhat  
                          what about kashmiri people ????????????????'
what the hell is happening in kashmir ?? this is very disturbing also because such dastardly crimes can be completely prevented . politicians need to wake up before its too late .  
julie ward , the british member of european parliament , speaking about indian attrocities in kashmir ..  
  it is the decision which everyone in india has to take , which is to speak true at least once ,to make our souls rest in peace '
pakistan this week with mansoor azam qazi   (27 oct 2018 ) youtube link :   topics guests :             '
julie ward , the british member of european parliament , speaking about indian attrocities in kashmir ..  
kashmiri and pakistani diaspora in paris , france has participated and demanded right of self determination for indian occupied kashmir on this            
this year has been observed in paris , france as well . peaceful protest at eiffel tower demanded peaceful kashmir and end of indian occupation in the valley            
now even british member of european parliament julie ward's could not resist and spoken about the inhuman atrocities in indian occupied kashmir by occupational indian forces           "
a protest was held at eiffel tower , paris on 28 october 2018, to protest against illegal occupation of jammu &amp; kashmir by india .  
listen julie ward's stance about inhuman atrocities in indian occupied kashmir who is the british member of european parliament from labour party       "
flash top hm comander (babu) in        
why struggle is not succeeding ? 1 . divided leadership 2 . violent form of struggle 3 . involvement of 4 . politics '
hinduvta terrorism on its peak in kashmir ,shame on radical indian sponsored terrorists . naveed babo's house vandalized by indian army .               "
  losing sight in kashmir a weapon meant to be deployed for crowd control has been responsible for blinding , killing and traumatizing people in kashmir            
blast by in civil area of village in . damaged cousing inconvenience to civilians .  
houses damaged due to blast by terrorist in village , district  
blast by in civil area of village in . damaged cousing inconvenience to civilians .  
houses damaged due to blast by terrorist in village , district  
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~human rights watch , world report , 2017 .  
the experience of military repression on the people of indian occupied has been brutalizing . pellet-firing shotguns by have been responsible for blinding , killing and traumatizing hundreds of people in kashmir .  
28 october 2018 . protest / demo at eiffel tower , paris (france ). protest against illegal occupation of jammu &amp; kashmir by .  
a protest demo was held at eiffel tower on 28 oct 2018 to protest against illegal occupation of jammu &amp; kashmir by . &amp; diaspora participated and demanded right of self determination for indian occupied kashmir .  
dear     it's only for u . u can't find any solution about kashmir . imtiyaz mir , sub inspector of   kidnapped &amp; killed by hizbul mujahideen in .   "
  one of the biggest failures of bjp has been jammu and kashmir . the security situation in that state has been deteriorating since 2014 . '
first ever organise killing in kashmir alert : heart patient stay away  
indian constitution full revision part 3   '
    wt ab kashmiris in iok target practicing of indian armed forces live on innocent kashmiris these kanjri k bachas bastards  
share it as much as you can ,so very soon it is played at the   , kashmiris shot down at point black range .    
pakistan can certainly contribute to peace in kashmir :   , author of the generation of rage is kashmir , tells      
will this leader will open their mouth now .. no bandh no protest . why ? their mouth is filled with money given by pakistan . corrupt pseudo leaders    
that buries itself deep in the ground while everyone is sleeping grief is a house where no one can protect you where the doors no longer let you in or out . grief is '
for those who believe in the pakistani narrative of kashmir  
      one best &amp; last way to solve the dispute without more blood on ground is to start the dialog ...let it be with the gun ... congress stopped it . no one wants to know about the jawans widow increase .. '
the forgotten that ignited the dispute . for the buffoons that blame the kashmir dispute on !!!  
india is at war from three fronts - across the border .. - supporters provide cover by throwing stones at our army - the media intellectuals &amp; congress c0ckroaches who provide emotional and financial support to break india forces .. '
      lately terrorists are targeting police men in kashmir . for long india has been patient on kashmir &amp; militancy has increased due to soft handling . if we say kashmir is part of india then remove the special status and abolish article 370 . close every border with pak . '
today but soon , will decide the fate of this hindu zionists entity .. pak army is now fully geared for this war doctrine of    
top tweeps for : 1   2   3   4   5    
peaceful protesters in shot at point-blank range by coward . this worst specie , nefarious and beastly , should be brought back to the feet ; the only place , they cling to , after neck .  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
chain reaction : stone pelting &gt; retaliation &gt; more people get hurt &gt; more participation in stone pelting .. '
general musharraf compromised 1948 resolutions on which has hurt the cause - ambassador abida hussain  
india only occupied kashmir land but cannot occupy kashmiri people hearts . '
everyday innocent people killed in please sir   tweet about it  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
stop humiliating kashmiris . stop snatching political space . i know words are not enough to change the hearts of modern days hitler's and mussolini's , but being a human we must take it as our duty to beat the drum again and again .   "
thank you iran   '
salute to si mir . brave son of mother india . j &amp;k cop killed by terrorists was desperate to meet parents , shaved off beard to change look . why can't   clean up are we lacking intent   download the toi app now :   "
    blood is red on both sides . hate only returns hate . due to our own weak intellectual capital that governs us . rise in peaceful coexistence and rest will follow . allah bless us all .'
kashmir we want ?                                   '
is the member of from          
where the hell is who is always seeking from back to save humanity and they have always played backdoor diplomacy in issue . shame on such behaviour of at .  
let's take a moment to pay tribute to our real heroes ! they sacrificed their lives for nation kashmir salutes your bravery ! alive in our hearts   "
use of force will not turn freedom desire into slavery .  
    r nt safe in frm kashmiri nd are equally responsible fr this . civil society must condemn together .'
it is very hard to start from scratch a new account / kashmir group main complete silence hay / looks like almost half of the accounts ended this week / daily kissi aik ki bari hoti hay / pro pak accounts are being targeted viciously . '
situation has really worsen , we are losing our brave soldiers on a daily basis by the cowardly attacks by these bastards .. need to do something about it ..          
police intelligence officer who betrayed his own nation was killed by freedom fighter at wahibugh in south district on sunday . imtiaz ahmad mir was his name and his family is ashamed . 1 /3'
traitor who ever did this uss ko mera salam name : imtiaz ahmad mir , resident : sountehbugh , job : traitor inspector spying for rundia car i10 sports registration no . : jk01ad 8352 . died near :rumshi nalla , body was bullet-riddled .  
are fighting the war for freedom . and cannot stop this movement through atrocities , as kashmir is a problem of humanity , human rights , and freedom .  
indian occupied kashmir also celebrated under strict curfew &amp; heavy army presence , raise their voice against indianarmy's crimes .   "
pakistan has raised voice against oppression in kashmir people of indian occupied has been brutalizing . pellet-firing shotguns by have been responsible for blinding , killing and traumatizing hundreds of people in kashmir .    
the experience of military repression on the people of indian occupied has been brutalizing . pellet-firing shotguns by have been responsible for blinding , killing and traumatizing hundreds of people in kashmir .  
let's control on your tears i m going to show you a last hug of .   "
the experience of military repression on the people of indian occupied has been brutalizing . pellet-firing shotguns by have been responsible for blinding , killing and traumatizing hundreds of people in kashmir .  
yeah . to fight that indian occupation which rapes &amp; killed kashmiris ... so true .  
its . just think if someone talk to your with gun . just imagin duaghters of as your daughters .  
love and prayers for kashmir !   '
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~human rights watch , world report , 2017 .  
  will keep bleeding . a goldmine for many on both sides . to be honest .'
  , kashmir should be freed from the terrorists indian occupation .'
as per data , 164 youth joined militancy in past 10 months . and no . of militants killed are around 180 . india is playing zero sum game . they need to change the strategy . iron fist is not working . '
  un must implement it's resolutions on jammu and kashmir ."
encounters , civilian deaths keep kashmir on boil . exams are postponed . all business activities are closed . no traffic movement . so sad to see kashmir in this situation everyday . '
    pm abe shouldve taught you human rights as well . but what would the dead , blood hungry brain of yours understand . '
encounters , civilian deaths keep kashmir on boil . exams are postponed . all business activities are closed . no traffic movement . so sad to see kashmir in this situation everyday .  
pakistan &amp; china r mum on the parts of j &amp;k illegally occupied by them as if dey hv already won that terrority . why can't kashmiris raise voice again their illegal occupation .india has legitimate rights basis on accession "
now indian cowards r being afraid from kashmiri activists ,nd suspending twitter accounts just to hide their atrocities in j &amp;k. they dont have guts to face even such activists .  
      what is dispute all about .why october 27 is observed as by kashmiris &amp; pakistanis . how a saga of deceit ,lies,broken promises &amp; pledges still awaits the world's conscious even today .oldest resolution on un agenda calls out to the world   "
this is happening in      
22 gun-toting threaten common public in anantnag in  
capture the terrorists . wish best of luck major . ||| four highly-trained snipers active in kashmir : security officials   '
    take notice before they grap your nack too '
- black day - black day - black day must quit  
  awwhhh ... heart cries for these kids . who have no road to go . '
it as much as you can . so very soon it is played at the   shot down at point range .  
srinagar jammu and kashmir liberation front (jklf) chairman muhammad yasin malik was released from police custody on sunday .  
dead body found at pulwama has been identified as police sub-inspector , imtiyaz ahmad resident of tikena pulwama . '
an ideal for which i am prepared to die .  
well , we know what happens in kashmir , nobody what's to be their voice   not playing any part . take a final decision , v know its just a politics . be the voice .   "
  don't worry they will be honoured a highly skilled death by our counter strike forces .. "
black sheeps to be exposed ..if you have got money , any medical seat reserved for children of indian victims in pakistani medical colleges is available .  
barbarism at its peak  
ameer jamat u dawah prof . hafiz muhammad saeed , chairman tehreek hurumat e rasool (saw) mulana ameer hamza , masool jud lahore abu al hashim and other central leaders addressed and led the rally .  
print media coverage of jamat u dawah's rally in lahore on . thousands of people participated on this occasion .   "
army of bastards in iok why not   taking action against these son of bitches where are   activists are u all are sold ?  
indian dogs need a lesson ... .bastards  
will any one listen to kashmir ? why so deafness ?          
protesters in front of gop call for an end to occupation in kashmir and oppression of people in on october 27 .the protesters peacefully marched through the streets of irish capital .  
    even worse for the ppl of who are suffering on a daily basis by the brutality of the occupying forces ! '
when these freedom fighters have nothing but stones to defend themselves  
ameer jamat u dawah - prof . hafiz muhammad saeed advised and demanded that pakistan should establish kashmir desk in foreign ministry . ~pakistan should unveil indian atrocities in kashmir to the world .    
protesters in front of gop call for an end to occupation in kashmir and oppression of people in on october 27 . the protesters peacefully marched through the streets of irish capital .  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
because sleeps ...!'
      i wanna seek your attention towards this incident if his son was with mujahids why mother beaten . no mother wants that his son should be killed by bullet .     '
this is how the kashmiris are treated by indian security forces ..  
  speaking in favor of &amp; acknowledging the steadfastness of our brothers . we all stand in solidarity with kashmir . such unity &amp; brotherhood is commendable .  
hat soff to the courage of kashmiri people ...  
---- indian occupied kashmir on blackday , 27 /10/2018. pictures speak the truth .... who is terrorist ??  
mother of teenage freedom fighter martyred by indian occupation forces in battling for her eyesight aftr being hit by a barrage of shotgun pellets fired by indian forces into her home  
brutality in                    
indian state terrorism !!       mother of teenage freedom fighter martyred by indian occupation forces in battling for her eyesight aftr being hit by a barrage of shotgun pellets fired by indian forces into her home .  
a short video of indian army's atrocity in . shame on criminal silence of all the international stake holders &amp; organizations like       "
for sponsored invaded is real thanks &amp; its army unit who rushed to rescue from contd oppression of invaders  
shame on you     dont you see this brutality in  
shot at pointblank range  
besides the border scenes , sc reinstated a on airing indian content on tv channels in the country . '
human rrights abusesin jammu &amp; kashmir , a disputed territory administered byindia , are an ongoing issue . the range from mass killings , forced disappearances , torture , rape and sexualabuseto political repression and suppression of freedom of speech . '
when your has been burning for more than 70 years &amp; all you have been able to do is watch it burn and then finally burn with it . '
the one whole generation has been passed but kashmiris are still waiting for their basic right of freedom . the silence of intl human rights org's is now the license for india to kill people in kashmir without any fear of justice &amp; do whatever they want . |   "
this how indian sponsored terrorist forces beaten a innocent student in     must take note on indian terrorist forces human rights abuses in kashmir . since 1947 .  
foreign minister of ,   , in his message on says that we express our full solidarity with our brethren who have rendered unmatched sacrifices in their struggle for self-determination .  
the issue of is of and that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the has to say about this .   report 2016 /17.  
bullshit indian army doing day by day human rights violence . where is soo called world monopolise .where is   ...?                      
in connection with the observance of kashmir , a photographic exhibition was held in depicting horrendous in occupied .  
ohchr has exposed that the laws enforced in contravene the rights enshrined in the covenant on and .  
he is not a actor , or indian army officers . he is a , fighter , # avenger . people making a way for him . we will be free  
the worst face of brutality .  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
a group of unarmed peaceful kashmiri protesters shot at point blank range by the cold blooded indian police .  
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop .  
blacks get killed for mere traffic violations or resisting arrest while the terrorists that kill dozens are arrested alive because neither he is muslim nor black therefore he is just a "gunman" '
what do you think guys on this why can't we control terrorism and save our people and army . "
  before an encounter , we r killed as mistaken identity . during an encounter , we are killed by stray bullets . after an encounter , we r killed to maintain so called law &amp; order . when we resist , we are portrayed as terrorists # #      
youth shot at point blank by indian occupied forces .  
in connection with the observance of kashmir , a photographic exhibition was held in washington depicting horrendous human rights violations in indian occupied kashmir .  
reality of indian government !!  
since 1947 the kashmir dispute has remained unresolved ..  
allah hu akbar !!!!!! allah be merciful !!!! i cant see this ,i cannot really !!! this is really savage this is not extreme please speak up against it          
a factual report on the killings , arrests and rapes by indian army in .  
shooting at innocent  
prime minister   , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
  stone pelting is a serious issue and is causing so much damage to our army and society !!! as is ours so does the people ..!! accept the fact ...!! we don't want to build india with the blood of and people ..! "
those who want pakistan and india to stay always fighting will never let the problem of kashmir be solved . it's a dirty politics the world plays on the lives of kashmiries "
:: shoot  
prime minister   , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
this is the reality in and the of the forcefully deployed army killing innocent of who are looking for is just a joke in and support voice of '
it's black day today in indian occupied kashmir   "
understanding children in a negative society -   '
in day by day increasing . a sleeping partner with . for  
indian brutal forces killing innocent people of kashmir . india is not only terrorist but also religious terrorist .  
    ha ha ha a shameless criminal bitch '
stand for kashmir stop killing in kashmir '
this is the picture of two rupee note of kashmir before 1947 at the time vn we wr sovereign nation  
either they will be killed or will become pellet blind . kashmir is now called a bleeding paradise . tired of your fake promises and lies politicians .! '
they want us to write . in blood . they capture our land . make us sow rice that is not seed . kill us . rape us they tell us we are ungrateful . holding us with many kinds of guns they sell pens . we buy with blood . '
                        pakistan state sponsored terrorism in kashmir has made the life of innocent kashmiris and indians miserable .                     '
the game in jammu and kashmir is to separate jammu from kashmir and establish a hindu-majority state .  
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
i don't support any extremist organisation . but bloodshed of kashmiri educated youth urged me to post this reality . "
  do you listen and watch the worst bruitalitie of cruel indian occupation in held kashmir '
names of four martyred who were recent victims of indian brutality : sahir makroo of arwani , owais ahmad lone from hawora-mishpora area of district , muzamil magray of watoo aharbal and amir tantray of damal hanjipora kulgam .  
funerals of mujahideen are only encouraging our love for shahadah : says hizbulmujahideen's leader zeenatulislam . listen india ,we are not afraid of death . we support pakistan .   "
the dogra dynasty is justly hated and despised for its sordid record since the dogra gulab singh bought kashmir for rs .75 lakh in 1846 from the east india co . '
can you feel the pain from which the kashmiri nation is passing today ? in  
    they raised voice for kashmir as well was number 1 trend in pak today '
they want us to write . in blood . they capture our land . make us sow rice that is not seed . kill us . rape us they tell us we are ungrateful . holding us with many kinds of guns they sell pens . we buy with blood . '
there was a time when we had been hurt for and had courageous will to take the same ravage as leaderships were not sold by the corrupt system .... it was indeed a blessing of dictatorship ...!  
either they will be killed or will become pellet blind . kashmir is now called a bleeding paradise . tired of your fake promises and lies politicians .! '
occupation has left no life in kashmir  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
usual day in occupied . world largest terror state targeting unarmed civilian with immunity .  
holy fuck .. they shot them point blank .. they r laughing it out like nothing has happened .  
i know the champions of democracy must have closed down internet services in the valley ... retweet if anyone using '
chief   says &amp; mark 27 th october as .freedom is a right of everyone .who the hell is anyone to snatch it .soon there will be    
chief   says that we express our full solidarity wth our brethren who have rendered unmatched sacrifices in their struggle for self-determination .#freekashmir    
india had landed her armed military troops in srinagar on this day 71 years ago till then the indian atrocities continues on innocent kashmiris .  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
south african kashmir action group chairman salman khan led the protest to unoffice in south africa and petition was received by un officla .                  
south african kashmir action group chairman salman khan led the protest to unoffice in south africa and petition was received by un officla .                  
south african kashmir action group chairman salman khanled the protest to unoffice in south africa and petition was recieved by un officla .                
south african kashmir action group chairman salman khanled the protest to unoffice in south africa and petition was recieved by un officla .                
south african kashmir action group chairman salman khanled the protest to unoffice in south africa and petition was recieved by un officla .                
south african kashmir action group chairman salman khanled the protest to unoffice in south africa and petition was recieved by un officla .                
south african kashmir action group chairman salman khanled the protest to unoffice in south africa and petition was recieved by un officla .                
ohchr revealed that authorities in jammu &amp; kashmir imposed restrictions on freedom of expression , targeting media and journalists .                  
the one who separate in this world unite in heavens .....  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
that was not israel plane . rather spreading fake news and raising the pr of your media , you should be responsible as it's a matter of national security . how can even you think that !   "
let's unite !   "
imagine ..! how come you know all these years you have been told lie (s)? '
chicken army committing war crimes and heinous atrocities in the latest attack last week in kulgam , , why the world is silent while ..    
will hold peaceful demonstrations outside indian high commissions and embassies worldwide while , special events and talk shows will be organised to show solidarity with kashmiris and show support for their right to self-determination .  
      should take action against  
such a shame for 21 century !                            
is brutalizing kashmir . i believe kashmiris have a right to ": and on indian state-sponsored terror in  
cold hearted shooting of the kashmiri youth will one day be the reason for kashmir independence from india  
retweet it as much as you can ,so very soon it is played at the un ,kashmiris shot down at point black range .  
  it's time to something big for kashmir .. we are giving statements over statements , do something in reality please !!!! "
who says ? it is the heart of which bleeds !'
exclusive image of plane landed in . plane can be clearly seen in lahore near lower mall . haters will say its chaburji plane .  
hypocrite un turns deaf and blind to kashmir whenever massive killings occur . somebody wake them up from their hangover of super influence of world powers ! '
world's claims of peace are hollow . they work in east timor and not in kashmir "
kulgam became a battlefield throughout this month . this is what october 1947 brought for kashmir '
42 kashmiris were martyred in kashmir only in a single month of september 2018 . imagine the massive genocide and man slaughter that took place in kashmir since 1947 '
the day endia entered our paradise , it was but the start of it's end ! "
        that's a warning , behave ! else we will not stop before delhi and jerusalem !!! we are nailing your assets within pakistan inshaallah and we'll deal with you after this , if you won't behave yourself "
a few bloody endians are ruining world peace '
because world's largest terrorist state believes in forced state occupation , but not freedom "
the desire for freedom '
indian state sponsored terrorism in kashmir has made the life of innocent kashmiris miserable .                        
ohchr revealed that authorities in jammu &amp; kashmir imposed restrictions on freedom of expression , targeting media and journalists .                  
why men beating youth in and forcing him to make slogans against pakistan ? because india can not make kashmir hate pakistan even if he opens all of his treasures for kashmiris . '
on the night of 23 february 1991, soldiers from the 4 rajputana rifles regiment of indian army gang-raped around 23 women of kunan &amp; poshpora villages of kupwara district - ohchr .          
on this very date kashmir was invaded &amp; captured by hindu india . 71 years have surpassed and yet our cause remains outstanding . a very black day for kashmiris , azadi kehliye jang rahay gi jang rahay gi . '
more than 70000 kashmiris have been martyred by indian occupation forces since 1989 .                        
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . '
the un and the international community must play their role to stop indian aggression and brutality in kashmir .                      
we kashmiris need actions then just a words its been 71 years today  
human rights defenders who have tried to bring international attention to the hr situation in iok have faced reprisals . ohchr                    
indian occupied is a bleeding heaven where humanity is suffering because of the indian occupation          
india has deployed almost 700,000 military men to suppress the kashmir struggle .                        
the universal declaration of human rights (udhr) document was adopted by the united nations general assembly in 1948 . udhr is applicable on every individual regardless of gender , color , creed and region .  
kashmiris have rejected indian occupation and kashmiris struggle is the symbol of human quest for freedom .                      
ohchr exposed that indian forces caused deaths &amp; injuries to protesting kashmiris from pellet shotguns , bullets , tear gas shells .                    
kashmiris shot down at point blank range ... please share maximum  
iso pakistan has always supported right of self determination for kashmiri people and freedom from occupation  
indian security forces blatantly used excessive force that led to unlawful killings and a very high number of injuries from year 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr              
  we call for emergency contact group meeting on to confirm , support , adopt the security councils plebiscite plan for kashmir     /security           '
agents of     ( this party's )   "
media on the occasion of .   is a major supporter of on this conflict .  
save kashmir save humanity , indian occupation of kashmir is a travesty of international law .                        
no chronicle can accurately and adequately portray what the people of kashmir have endured . injuries and deaths caused by pellet guns bear testimony to how dangerous , inhumane and indiscriminate it is .  
its the time un should take notice nd force india to stop urgently this brutality this inhuman behavior can't u see the river of blood in the lanes of kashmir . of kashmir   "
  kashmir valley un resolutions the security councils plebiscite plan       /security                     '
      /security           un human rights kashmir calls for international inquiry into multiple violations           '
ohchr exposed that indian forces caused deaths &amp; injuries to protesting kashmiris from pellet shotguns , bullets , tear gas shells .                    
so called champions of human rights are sleeping . unarmed were shot brutally exposing indian so called democratic face . .such brutal and barbaric acts must be noticed by    
                i have stated the facts , it may sound a bit odd . but , the reality is that is on the backburner internationally , unfortunately . it might not figure prominently for many years to come . why there is no talk of indian violence or , there are many reasons .'
  love and prayers for kashmir !  
the indian atrocities cannot silence the just struggle of kashmiris .                        
love and prayers for kashmir !    
is observed on 27 as an act gainst illegal occupation in the region face of brutal india killing ,enforced dispappearance ,torture,rape and suppression of freedom of speech in kashmir . jannat  
over 1,000 kashmiri people were detained under the notorious public safety act by indian forces between march 2016 &amp; august 2017 . - ohchr                  
  sir i dont know the writer but plz dont use word militant as these are heros of .'
now kashmir matter should be solved ,our kashmiri brothers and sister have a right to live their lives according to their culture and religion . un must implement on its resolution on kashmir issue n our government should also put its sincere efforts '
freedom is the basic human right of every human being .. if you deny them their basic rights they will tend towards violence and other indecent ways .  
a media investigation claimed that schools and colleges in the iok were closed for nearly 60 per cent of the working days between july 2016 &amp; may 2017 - ohchr                
check the real face of india . india is one of most shameful country of the world ... u .n. decries "shameful" reprisals on rights activists in 38 countries link below   '
  pain in their eyes telling that each day they lost their loved ones  
  to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
  love and prayers for kashmir !  
    pain in their eyes telling that each day they lost their loved ones  
    to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
for 71 years what have we been doing to win international support especially when now there are over 1 million in ?                  
a tragedy where everyday and the world watches .     highlight the atrocities as gets darker and more gruesome .  
kashmir aik jannat hai aur jannat na kabhi kisi kafir ko mili hai na mile gi inshallah freedom will sway and ring throughout the valleys of heaven on earth very soon . '
    love and prayers for kashmir !  
the un and the international community must play their role to stop indian aggression and brutality in kashmir .                      
what a great message said by prof . hafiz muhammad saeed ameer jamat'ud'dawah pakistan .   "
                          love and prayers for kashmir !  
pain in their eyes telling that each day they lost their loved ones  
    to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
    love and prayers for kashmir !  
  to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
  love and prayers for kashmir !  
  love and prayers for kashmir !  
  pain in their eyes telling that each day they lost their loved ones  
  to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
indian occupation forces are brutally using pellet guns to physically torture the innocent kashmiris .                        
national and international media raising voice against kashmir issue . '
kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity .  
publication of today's column on different news websites .   "
our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . hum kya chahte ...... aazadi  
pain is telling that each time they've lost their loved one   "
according to an internet freedoms group , internet services in iok were suspended 32 times in 2017, compared to 10 times in 2016 - ohchr                  
            don't report it because the only freedom for them is , human lives specially muslim lives doesn't matter for them .   "
the international community must take notice of indian brutality and use of torture in kashmir .                        
for 71 years the have been struggling for liberation from occupation forces and has done everything to make but every passing day movement gets stronger and mighty indian army and it's state weaker   "
kashmiri people are fighting the war for freedom . and india cannot stop this freedom movement through atrocities , as kashmir dispute is a problem of humanity , human rights , and freedom . wake up     '
kashmir under indian occupation is a challenge for the world community for its early resolution .                        
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces . '
what is dispute all about .why october 27 is observed as by kashmiris &amp; pakistanis . how a saga of deceit ,lies,broken promises &amp; pledges still awaits the world's conscious even today .oldest resolution on un agenda calls out to the world .   "
thank god fuck and shit india lost today '
kashmir burning since 71 years because of the double standards of    
in response to demonstrations that started in july 2016, indian security forces used excessive force that led to unlawful killings .- ohchr                  
    we aren't interested to nigotiate if hypocrite modi &amp; israel are so small &amp; poor in their diplomatic tendencies as they are deliberately bleeding innocent lives there in kashmir &amp; palestine respectively . "
graphic : watch how indian forces shoot to death kashmiri protesters at almost point blank range in occupied kashmir .  
  today india occupied kashmir and since 71 years we are under occupation .  
and vulnerable , innocent souls mourning &amp; watching . india will break in to more than 20 pieces inshaallah  
kashmir issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , brotherhood and friendliness . but india never understand this ! kashmirbleeds and continue to bleed .....mourning just mourning there !  
in response to demonstrations that started in july 2016, indian security forces used excessive force that led to unlawful killings .- ohchr                  
their mothers are crying their children are mudered their sisters are raped their youth is butchered .  
indian security forces blatantly used excessive force that led to unlawful killings and a very high number of injuries from year 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr              
blackday to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
      the use of humans as shields by indian forces is a testimony to the worst kind of cruelty by india .                
    the use of humans as shields by indian forces is a testimony to the worst kind of cruelty by india .                
pakistan &amp; occupied kashmir to observe black day today against indian brutalities -   via   '
    well christian majority countered are also determine not to notice us and nato invasions and atrocities all around the world . not to mention and '
kashmiri brothers your contribution will be written in golden lines ! untill we are under occupation there will be no decrease in war-crimes of indian state .  
the use of humans as shields by indian forces is a testimony to the worst kind of cruelty by india .                        
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~un resolution on kashmir january 24,1957 . '
obviously not strong enough the thirst for freedom from indian occupation increases the more blood you spill .  
ohchr revealed that the authorities in jammu &amp; kashmir imposed restrictions on freedom of expression , targeting media and journalists .                  
exclusive image of plane landed in . plane can be clearly seen in lahore near lower mall . haters will say its chaburji plane .   '
the kashmiris are still waiting for their right of self-determination .                        
ohchr revealed that afspa 1990 &amp; public safety act 1978 ,obstructs the normal course of law , impedes accountability and jeopardizes the right to remedy for victims of human rights violations in kashmir .        
if anyone says what kashmiri achieve from last 30 year's show them this video ..fearless youth   "
one of most dangerous weapons used against protesters in iok during the unrest in 2016 was the pellet-firing shotgun . - ohchr                    
exclusive image of plane landed in . plane can be clearly seen in lahore near lower mall . haters will say its chaburji plane .    
kashmir is bleeding and whole of the world is sleeping even the resolutions of un are in vain . i stand with kashmir . .  
. bring peace to kashmir .  
long periods of curfews and obstructions by indian forces in 2016 and 2017 had a cumulative impact on students in kashmir - ohchr                    
kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity . .  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
  must ensure the compliance of its resolutions on . this single dispute between and will remain a constant challenge , not only for the peace and security of both the countries but for and the whole region .'
          this is not a bollywood movie script this is real life is   sleeping ..this brutality since 28 years is state terrorism .  
we stand by the kashmiris every step of the way and we demand this brutality be stopped immediately . freedom is their right save kashmir save humanity  
india is not letting indians to see what are tweeting ,it means we are not indians is not ...  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
we support and stand with kashmir in their freedom struggle ..freedom is their right .. '
indian occupation forces are brutally using pellet guns to physically torture the innocent kashmiris .                        
it should be solved as soon as possible .  
i oppose the brutality of indian government and forces in occupy kashmir .  
since the start of ongoing uprising in kashmir , thousands of young freedom-seekers have been brutally tortured and extra-judicially killed during forced disappearances or illegal custody by the indian forces '
you don't need to be muslim to stand up for , you just need to be human "
this is how indian occupational forces treat our elderly people and our funerals of occupied       dragged , beaten , humiluated &amp; tortured by indian occupation forces .  
lets unite and stand with kashmir for their rights &amp; freedom . '
our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . hum kya chahte ...... aazadi '
insha allah kashmir will be free sooner or later . '
the muslim majority population in the kashmir valley suffers from the repressive tactics of the security forces . '
thousands of pakistanis have rallied across the country to denounce the recent killing of 18 people by indian forces in . '
office of the united nations high commissioner for human rights in its recent report has unveiled the gross atrocities committed by indian forces in indian occupied kashmir .  
national and international media raising voice against kashmir issue .  
indian state sponsored terrorism in kashmir has made the life of innocent kashmiris miserable .                        
october 27 is the darkest day in the history of jammu and kashmir and the kashmiris living on both sides of the line of control and across the world observe it as black day . '
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
    no , its and '
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces . '
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 . '
now kashmir matter should be solved ,our kashmiri brothers and sister have a right to live their lives according to their culture and religion ,they should be live happy and secure on their mother land ! '
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 . '
we support and stand with kashmir in their freedom struggle ..freedom is their right ..  
this is pakistan who opens its gate for intl media &amp; welcome journalists to visit j &amp;k always . participants of seminar also include rafique dar spokesperson ,   president ajk , ch latif akbar . 3 /3  
world should know that india is not letting un journalists to visit j &amp;k to hide his army's crimes . dg southasia dr .faisal, ex-emir , convener , amb r ashrafjahangir qazi addresses the seminar , 2 /3   "
&amp;pakistan feels his pain practical steps to engage intl media &amp;   have started by pak govt to help kashmiris . a day before a seminar held in which senator   -ul-haq, leader of in of , senator , participated 1 /3  
love and prayers  
71 years blood of kashmiri muslims &amp; sacrifices , do we stand for at least this day .  
the innocent children are being affected by the use of pellet guns . the indian forces represent humanity at its lowest ebb .                    
on the night of 23 february 1991, soldiers from the 4 rajputana rifles regiment of indian army gang-raped around 23 women of kunan &amp; poshpora villages of kupwara district - ohchr .          
love and prayers for kashmir !  
international hr groups have accused indian security forces of using excessive force &amp; failing to adhere to applicable national &amp; international standards on the use of force - ohchr .          
  it's a humble request 2 u 2 not highlight dis day as a , ws saved , stop burning kashmir 2 keep ur own shops running . u r a citizen married 2 indian-american settled in usa , so doesn't affect you .       "
aoa . will be taking your questiins related to your health . feel free to ask       '
international hr groups have accused indian security forces of using excessive force &amp; failing to adhere to applicable national &amp; international standards on the use of force - ohchr .          
killing of innocent muslims by army &amp; police in  
can you relate this ?  
this current round of protests appears to involve more people than the past , and the profile of protesters has also shifted to include more young , middle-class kashmiris , including females - ohchr .        
prime minister imran khan in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
shame on u bagairat kutay  
  you leaders are the nemesis of and it's people . because of u r methods and policies where only hv suffered and situation has worsened over years .       "
we breathe with . '
and vulnerable , innocent souls mourning &amp; watching . india will break in to more than 20 pieces inshaallah  
more than 70000 kashmiris have been martyred by indian occupation forces since 1989 .                        
love and prayers for kashmir !  
ohchr has exposed that the laws enforced in kashmir contravene the rights enshrined in the international covenant on civil and political rights .                  
shooting .303 calibre from less than 100 m on bare handed protestor who were demanding liberation rights in kashmir from indian law enforcement . the real , rotten , smelly , ugly face of india which bollywood wont show .        
kashmiris shot down at point blank range by indian occupation forces . that's video     "
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
on october 27 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary .  
  u people have some shame why u r sleeping .      
thousands of kashmiris have been martyred by the indian forces .                        
  may almighty have mercy on and may the forces killing innocent people rot in hell . '
much of the world may have forgotten the plight of the kashmiris , the people of this occupied land continue to pay with their blood for raising the voice for their rights , specifically the right to return to the land of their own . '
indian security forces blatantly used excessive force that led to unlawful killings and a very high number of injuries from year 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr              
courtesy : rajendra saren , pakistan : the india factor , new delhi , 1984 .  
inshallah this is the last black day .  
in connection with the observance of kashmir , a photographic exhibition was held in washington depicting horrendous human rights violations in indian occupied kashmir .  
bleeding kashmir . wake up world .  
sheikh abdullah addressing the constituent assembly 31 october 1951 . ruling out independence of kashmir and merger with pakistan . source : bhatacharjea , kashmir : the wounded valley , 1994 .  
inshallah this one is the last black day . next year kashmir will be a part of pakistan  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
human rights defenders who have tried to bring international attention to the hr situation in iok have faced reprisals . ohchr                    
i am child of i love reading but now i can't see anymore . i was fond of cricket but now mother keeps me indoor .   "
tonight in ' pakistan this week with mansoor azam qazi ' on   live at 11 :05 pm       "
71 years of oppression '
indian state sponsored terrorism in kashmir has made the life of innocent kashmiris miserable .                        
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~un resolution on kashmir january 24,1957 .  
on the night of 23 february 1991, soldiers from the 4 rajputana rifles regiment of indian army gang-raped around 23 women of kunan &amp; poshpora villages of kupwara district - ohchr .          
the indian atrocities cannot silence the just struggle of kashmiris .                        
open fire on protesters . digital for you .    
foreign minister of pakistan , shah mehmood qureshi , in his message on says that we express our full solidarity with our kashmiri brethren who have rendered unmatched sacrifices in their struggle for self-determination . '
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~amnesty international report 2016 /17. '
there were numerous reports of attacks on , and obstruction of , basic medical services that had a severe impact on the injured and general civilian population in iok from 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr        
supreme court of imposes ban on airing of content on local tv channels '
kashmir has been made a valley of endless sorrow by the indian forces .                        
27 october the day when indian forces occupied kashmir .  
                        a poluolar brand manufacturing in south india is a license enough to shoot at protestors ? sale / franchise of , whatever it is , in occupied j &amp;k is outrightly denied ? '
how long will suffer severe sustained injuries arising out of non-stop sponsored activities ? must clarify it's stand to . "
"what else can u do ". shahrukh jatoi         #_  
disappearance of thousands of kashmiris is a testimony to the deteriorating human rights situation in kashmir .                      
                        saffron is a state of mentality , of entitlement , of grandiose , of racial superiority , of inferiority of non brahmins ,of chanakiya diplomacy , of hegemony , of terror , of land occupation . it's anti-humanity .what ever humanity stands for and ever stood for . "
is celebrated in the world and people have to see every day . '
thanks to all my pakistani brothers and sisters today pakistan top trends        
  all main stream media doing shows on this fake news and no one remembers '
ohchr has exposed that the laws enforced in kashmir contravene the rights enshrined in the international covenant on civil and political rights .                  
we are still being washed in blood '
ohchr has exposed that the laws enforced in kashmir contravene the rights enshrined in the international covenant on civil and political rights .                  
kashmiris are suffering . india must stop this bloodshed in kashmir . kashmir will get freedom .  
read my detailed blog regarding kashmir issue . link is here    
                        keep trolling trilochana . mock drill on enhancing the sharp shooting skills of soldiers to shoot straight at protestors ? ahhhh humanity !! '
  u are barking against pak gov &amp; mil establishment .u r human right activist ,i didn't see ur tweets abt and other social issues regarding poor ppl of this country . jst only trying to defame the country . shame on u and ur followers ."
                    for decades , kashmiris are being killed &amp; raped . their shrieks &amp; cries don't rattle the walls of un or human rights . indian army has illegally occupied kashmir since 1947 &amp; has defied kashmiris their right to decide their future as per un resolution . "
                        mock drill for soldiers on how to shoot straight at protestors ? in clear public view ? what has saffron done to you ant brain ? what a pity . '
can you relate this ?  
                      indian coward army can't strip the passion of freedom from the ironclad hearts of kashmiris . "
world community should take notice of human rights violations in occupied : minister for human rights      
27 th october black day is observed as to commemorate the sacrifices and the miseries of occupied-kashmir '
the un and the international community must play their role to stop indian aggression and brutality in kashmir .                      
indian occupation forces are brutally using pellet guns to physically torture the innocent kashmiris .                        
btw before partition entire sub continent was india  
kashmiris deserve political and human liberties . india must stop crimes against humanity in kashmir .  
as per recent report of ohchr , the notorious public safety act has been widely used by the authorities in j &amp;k to stifle dissent .                    
kashmir issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , brotherhood and friendliness . but india can never understand this ! kashmirbleeds and is continue to bleeding .  
my article regarding kashmir . open this link to read more . kashmir , a heaven on earth .  
  indian army is full of cowards .. only knows how to massacre innocent unarmed citizens who demand nothing but their basic right of deciding their future . '
a message to the global community that india has expropriated kashmiris inalienable right to self determination through use of force . '
on the night of 23 february 1991, soldiers from the 4 rajputana rifles regiment of indian army gang-raped around 23 women of kunan &amp; poshpora villages of kupwara district - ohchr .          
    kashmir is bleeding and whole of the world is sleeping even the resolutions of un are in vain . i stand with kashmir . .'
days-long curfews and communications blockades had a major impact on people and their access to medical care in kashmir - ohchr                    
  why twitter suspends the accounts of kashmiri . kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity . .  
go back indian dogs go back  
wake up . your inaction is causing innumerable deaths '
this current round of protests appears to involve more people than the past , and the profile of protesters has also shifted to include more young , middle-class kashmiris , including females - ohchr .        
kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity .  
kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity . .  
kashmirbleeds freekashmir kashmirrejectsindia kashmirfreedommovement indianoccupiedkashmir  
  kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity . '
indian troops airlifted into the kashmir valley on 27 october in baramullas district in the north of kashmir valley          
kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity . .'
71 years of oppression and brutality ...71 years of sacrifices and struggle ... 71 years of the battle between demon and divine ...  
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop .see what the world has to say about this .~amnesty international report 2016 /17.#blackday ...  
world community should take notice of the human rights violations in indian : minister for human rights      
prime minister , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a commission of inquiry to investigate abuses by occupation forces . ...  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
according to an internet freedoms group , internet services in iok were suspended 32 times in 2017, compared to 10 times in 2016 - ohchr                  
under indian brutal occupation our every day is in 71 years of suffering may allah persih india for all the it committed in kashmir . trapped ,massive clashes erupts during caso in  
it was on october 27 in 1947 when indian troops landed in srinagar and occupied jammu and kashmir .        
pakistan completely stands behind kashmiri people in their struggle for right to self-determination : minister for human rights      
india had landed its armed military troops in srinagar illegally on this day 71 years ago .  
27 th oct is a for the pakistanis but in kashmir , india makes sure to make their every single day black .  
there is no flag large enough to hide the shame of killing innocent people  
the indian atrocities cannot silence the just struggle of kashmiris .                        
viral pic today from pakistan islamabad  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
on october 27 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary .  
for black day .  
is   listening to the screams for freedom in indianoccupiedkashmir ?  
viral pic today from pakistan islamabad  
of october , remembered as the black day in pakistan and indian occupied kashmir . its a protest against the time when india had forcibly taken over the land by airlifting its forces to sirinagar .  
imagine india butchered &amp; buried in , images of their bodies narrate gruesome torture . stories of indian torture cells papa 1, papa 2 in r horrible , so as their images , but   is only concerned about .  
the current situation in iok &amp; the indigenous movement for self-determination which has been going on for a long time is a manifestation of what want it is evident that nothing can deter the kashmiris resolve to continue their struggle . '
27 th oct . black day for kashmir . indian army entered kashmir  
the kashmiris are still waiting for their right of self-determination .                        
this is . have a look on real face of terrorist india .  
thousands of kashmiri muslims have been abducted , tortured and killed in the name of search operations . many rape cases by indian army are also surfaced in recent years ..  
why is un is silent on the issue of kashmir .  
even though we might not be the ones able to share those hardships with you .... be in those waars and battles with you ....bleed with you but ...never forget and always remember ..#___ '
imagine india butchered &amp; buried in , images of their bodies narrate gruesome torture . stories of indian torture cells papa 1, papa 2 in r horrible , so as their images , but   is only concerned about .  
ohchr report mentioned the incident of indian forces high handedness when a kashmiri man was seen strapped to the front of a moving indian army jeep .                
as a historical legacy , the kashmir conflict has been an outstanding issue for over 70 years                        
pain in their eyes telling that each day they lost their loved ones  
they are fighting with chains . they are playing with flames . they are doing it for many years . treat them like human they are not your slaves . they demand freedom of speech , religion and faith . you can't suppress them by hitting pellet guns in their faces . "
on the night of 23 february 1991, soldiers from the 4 rajputana rifles regiment of indian army gang-raped around 23 women of kunan &amp; poshpora villages of kupwara district - ohchr .          
in . occupation authorities imposed restrictions in srinagar and deployed indian troops and police personnel in strength in all major towns to prevent people from holding anti-india demonstrations .        
love and prayers for kashmir ! '
exclusive image of plane landed in . plane can be clearly seen in lahore near lower mall . haters will say its chaburji plane .  
may allah saves our brothers and sisters in kashmir . khoon ka badla khoon ! '
as per recent report of ohchr , the notorious public safety act has been widely used by the authorities in j &amp;k to stifle dissent .                    
all man is woman vote pliz '
the was created to save mankind .#27octblackday  
indian inhuman face has been exposed internationally .  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces . '
salam ! we live under the heel of indian tyranny , an occupying army that drains us of our resources and doles out murder on a mass scale . on this particular day october 22, 1993 they resorted to wholesale murder of gullible crowd in bijhbehara of south kashmir . '
read my detailed opinion regarding kashmir issue .  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
as per recent report of ohchr , the notorious public safety act has been widely used by the authorities in j &amp;k to stifle dissent .                    
failure vil never take me if my determination to succeed is strong enough ... '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir . '
kashmiris observe black day : all shops , business establishments and educational institutions remained closed while traffic was off the road in the occupied territory .        
                    how can indian live with this ...@indiatoday '
ohchr in its recent report has unveiled the gross atrocities committed by indian forces in indian occupied kashmir .                    
why is un silent on the issue of kashmir  
we would support kashmiris till our last blood drop shreds from our body  
so stand up and claim your right because the moment has now  
kashmir is our 's. not their   "
kashmir unfinished agenda of akistan  
india has to quit kashmir  
indian occupation forces are brutally using pellet guns to physically torture the innocent kashmiris .                        
why is un silent on the issue of kashmir ?  
71 years of oppression and genocide of kashmiris by indian forces in kashmir but kashmiris'll never give up . we ' ll resist , fight and get our right to self determination .   "
new aligarh college's kashmir solidarity rally . is the jugular vein of we strongly condemn illegal indian occupation on kashmir .   "
kashmir unfinished agenda of partition  
we re-affirm our commitment and support to kashmiris in their struggle for freedom .  
dear   , this is a spoken-word to you from kashmir . you instill hope &amp; who knows the meaning of hope more than people who live to see freedom &amp; die yearning for it ? complete poem :        
ohchr said that since the adoption of armed forces special powers act , 1990 in iok , there has not been a single prosecution of armed forces personnel involved in the human rights violations .        
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
: hurriyat leaders and organizations in their statements said that the people of jammu and kashmir never accepted indias illegal occupation of their homeland .        
freedom is the destiny of '
today i have received a message from gop govt of pakistan . it shows always stands with '
exclusive image of plane landed in . plane can be clearly seen in lahore near lower mall . haters will say its chaburji plane .  
we are talking , but nothing can be done , sorry brother , we are ashamed of the silence of our government and the army . '
a media investigation claimed that schools and colleges in the iok were closed for nearly 60 per cent of the working days between july 2016 &amp; may 2017 - ohchr                
humanity bleeds kashmiris condemns have had victims i painful days making tears innocent person does a heart wrenching families and children /sisters &amp; brothers we united muslims . '
not for the first time , everyday is in kashmir , everyday '
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
exemption letter 1 -kanal 31.25 lacs call +923224929992 is authorized dealer '
cares   looking forward you sir !  
          im a kashmiri blood too =) dw i will keep those hopes lit till last of breath inshallah be it even if i have to make a lamp out of my bones and fuel out of my blood ! '
ohchr in its recent report has stated that the number of protestors in occupied kashmir have increased manifold against the indian occupation .                  
"there is no flag large enough to hide the shame of killing innocent people ." we stand with kashmir .long live the struggle of kashmiri people .. 27 october kashmir black day  
.dear world have a look on real face of terrorist india . '
the pending promise of the 1 st prime minister of india . no more suppression only plebiscite is the solution of [ ia-j &amp;k, pa-gilgit baltistan and pa-kashmir ] dispute .  
71 years of indian occupation .  
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~amnesty international report 2016 /17.  
days-long curfews and communications blockades had a major impact on people and their access to medical care in kashmir - ohchr                    
71 years of indian occupation .  
27 october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
                      and we are silent ?. why are we not chanting instead of telling them ? they alredy know '
love and prayers for kashmir !  
a message in the form of a spoken-word for pm of pakistan ,   from indian occupied kashmir on black day october 27 th , the day kashmir was illegally sold to india by   , the son of kashmiri resistance leader asiya andrabi .  
pakistan supports kashmiris and their struggle for freedom .  
india is trying to convince kashmiri peoples that indian occupational forces are fighting with anti kashmiri forces so called terrorist but infect they are kashmiri and freedom fighter . kashmir shows love for them buy giving their blood by them  
we are burhan  
the kashmiris are still waiting for their right of self-determination .                        
our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . hum kya chahte ...... aazadi  
i hate waiting !!! but if its for freedom of my beloved homeland my kashmir i can wait my whole life to see it growing back from ashes '
one of the oldest historical issue which sholud be resolve now ...  
pakistan ambassador to turkey   during seminar in konya thanking turkey for its consistent support of the oppressed people of indian occupied kashmir    
thousands of kashmiris have been martyred by the indian forces .                        
- 'black day ' in marks 1947 indian army arrival !! seventy one years ago on friday , indian forces landed in the himalayan region sparking decades of deadly violence , giving rise to one of the world's deadliest disputes .   "
love and prayers for kashmir !  
thousands of kashmiri muslims have been abducted , tortured and killed in the name of search operations . many rape cases by indian army are also surfaced in recent years ..  
27 october 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary . but here is why the day is observed as "black day " every year in kashmir . '
on this day 1947 india occupied kashmir through his army &amp; they are killing innocents people of kashmir but the wolrd is blind . alas ! '
  what about the murders of innocent kashmiris at the hands of you all ? '
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
27 th oct is a for the pakistanis but in kashmir , india makes sure to make their every single day black .  
indian establishment is doing an ethnic cleansing . freedom of speech is non existent . indian army is involved in war crimes . there is no name of freedom in kashmir ..  
now kashmir matter should be solved ,our kashmiri brothers and sister have a right to live their lives according to their culture and religion ,they should be live happy and secure on their mother land ! '
    u spoke on human rights violations in ? where 1 million kashmiri lose body parts , 0.1 milion killed ,0.1 million lose eyes due to guns ,0.5 million woman raped . its done your best friend in occupied indian kashmir .'
pellet shotgun use by law enforcement agencies resulted in multiple deaths and serious injuries of hundreds civilians between 2016 and 2018 -ohchr                  
on 27 october 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary . but here is why the day is observed as "black day " every year in kashmir .  
when a phd scholar and m .phil degree holders choose the way of bullets instead of a pen , it means something is wrong with his education not the system .#kashmir  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
  nailed it again .  
exemption letter 10 -marla 19.60 lacs call +923224929992 is authorized dealer '
whats depression ? what hurts ? a divided motherland .... on the west its indian occupied jammu and kashmir and on my roads its  
pakistan ambassador to turkey   addressing seminar in konya organized by youth assembly of selcuklu and pakistan embassy in support of the oppressed people of indian occupied kashmir    
there is no military solution to the kashmir issue . india must understand this reality .                        
indian army can't suppress the freedom movement of kashmir .  
the muslim majority population in the kashmir valley suffers from the repressive tactics of the security forces .  
  i feel exactly the same y should we legitimise the oppression of just the same way i will never accept the killing of innocent ppl in '
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
the day tyrant occupational forces entered our land .. and promised plebiscite still remains a dream .... since then there have been mass killings , extra judicial killings , rapes ,harassments disappearances ... '
we are with you . today 27 oct is black day ..  
kashmir wants freedom from indian occupation .  
a media investigation claimed that schools and colleges in the iok were closed for nearly 60 per cent of the working days between july 2016 &amp; may 2017 - ohchr                
salute the sacrifices of kashmiris .  
india had landed its armed military troops in srinagar illegally on this day 71 years ago .  
indian state sponsored terrorism in kashmir has made the life of innocent kashmiris miserable .        
it's black day today in indian occupied kashmir   "
                        we are with '
member parliament   addressing seminar in konya organized by youth assembly of selcuklu konya turks in support of the oppressed people of indian occupied kashmir    
ohchr said that since the adoption of armed forces special powers act , 1990 in iok , there has not been a single prosecution of armed forces personnel involved in the human rights violations .        
pakistan staged a march today in solidarity with brothers in occupied kashmir .  
october 27 is the darkest day in the history of jammu and kashmir and the kashmiris living on both sides of the line of control and across the world observe it as black day .  
is involved in extreme but we pakistanis will always be there to support our brorthers '
27 th october , black day in the history of kashmir &amp; pakistan when india captured kashmir . kashmir never belonged to india .  
spacial video for black day .  
the blood of martyrs is the seed of freedom .  
black day : remembering indian atrocities in kashmir   '
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .   '
kashmir has been bleeding for over 70 years .the terrorist indian army are killing innocent kashmirs on daily basis . why have the world become stonehearted that they can't see the barbarism   have failed to resolve the dispute .   "
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .   '
concertina wires erected by the indianarmy every where in . strict curfew imposed ,people made hostages in their own homes in many areas . 2 nd consecutive jumma prayer barred in srinagar .  
        in'sha'allah soon the will turn into .   "
ohchr said that since the adoption of armed forces special powers act , 1990 in iok , there has not been a single prosecution of armed forces personnel involved in the human rights violations .        
"india is using troops in kashmir they are losing the battle of heart and mind . it \'s like treating cancer with dispirin ." -@imrankhanpti '
india has deployed almost 700,000 military men to suppress the kashmir struggle .                        
exemption letter 5 -marla 13.30 lacs call +923224929992 is authorized dealer '
strongly condemn the illegal occupation of kashmir by indian forces  
in solidarity with kashmir on 27 th october .....!                      
the innocent children are being affected by the use of pellet guns . the indian forces represent humanity at its lowest ebb .                    
massacre of innocent kashmiris is not acceptable '
the was created to save mankind .#27octblackday  
  the day tyrant occupational forces entered our land .. and promised plebiscite still remains a dream .... since then there have been mass killings , extra judicial killings , rapes ,harassments disappearances ... this newspaper stands witness . '
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .    
palestine &amp; kashmir : illegally occupied by israel &amp; india ,innocent people facing genocide /holocaust. they are butchers of innocence ,peace &amp; humanity        
on being observed by across the world invited his zionist brother pm to secretly visit . gen douglus greacy paved the way for indian occupation of . "
today is a black day when india entered his army into kashmir and destroyed their peace &amp; showed his face of animalism in kashmir . prime minister imrankhanpti is requested to take measures to address the problem of kashmir . '
today is a black day when india entered his army into kashmir and destroyed their peace &amp; showed his face of animalism in kashmir . prime minister   is requested to take measures to address the problem of kashmir .   '
indian state sponsored terrorism in kashmir has made the life of innocent kashmiris miserable .                        
pellet shotgun use by indian forces resulted in multiple deaths &amp; serious injuries of civilians -ohchr        
we stand with kashmir till the end '
kashmir freedom no more far in sha allah  
kashmir is our's not their's   "
india will have to pay for every drop of kashmiris blood . '
pellet shotgun use by indian forces resulted in multiple deaths &amp; serious injuries of civilians -ohchr        
today is a black day when india entered his army into kashmir and destroyed their peace &amp; showed his face of animalism in kashmir . prime minister   is requested to take measures to address the problem of kashmir . '
can you relate this ?  
impunity for human rights violations and lack of access to justice are key human rights challenges in the state of jammu &amp; kashmir . - ohchr                  
at last   agreed with   who has been saying for long time that people's forum is more important than courts of law in the country . "
indian security forces blatantly used excessive force that led to unlawful killings and a very high number of injuries from year 2016 to april 2018 - recent report of office of the united nations high commissioner for human rights .  
on this day in 1947 indian troops invaded jammu and kashmir &amp; occupied it against the will of the kashmiri people .        
history will write it in bold letters when pakistanis wanted to raise voice for and . nawaz implicated whole pakistan in fake news of israeli plane '
27 oct black day is to remind the world that kashmir is bleeding for 70 years now .!! '
human rights defenders who have tried to bring international attention to the hr situation in iok have faced reprisals . ohchr                    
issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , brotherhood and friendliness . but india never understand this ! and continue to bleed .....mourning just mourning there !  
until jihad will not begun till that time innocent people will died by the hands of israel , india and america so now we need to do jihad for muslims world because jihad only is one way to protect the muslims ummah  
on this day in 1947 indian troops invaded jammu and kashmir &amp; occupied it against the will of the kashmiri people .        
5 3.75 lacs call +923224929992 is authorized dealer '
issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , brotherhood and friendliness . but india never understand this ! and continue to bleed .....mourning just mourning there !  
watch full video here :   like &amp; share ! om prakash mishra roasted !! dhinchak pooja's brother !! . .   "
on october 27 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary .  
ohchr in its recent report has unveiled the gross atrocities committed by indian forces in indian occupied kashmir .                    
shame , shame &amp; once again shame for indian shameless soldiers , officers , politicians &amp; for everyone who support all of them in this act of brutality ... '
we observe this day to highlight the kashmir issue .this day launched it's army in kashmir . freedom is near kashmir .   "
there were numerous reports of attacks on , and obstruction of , basic medical services that had a severe impact on the injured and general civilian population in iok from 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr        
there is no military solution to the kashmir issue . india must understand this reality .        
this is . have a look on real face of terrorist india .    
a rally held as kashmiris observe black day . participants of the rally carrying placards and banners in their hands marched towards burhan muzaffarwani chowk amid anti-india and pro-freedom slogans .          
- 'black day ' in marks 1947 indian army arrival !! seventy one years ago on friday , indian forces landed in the himalayan region sparking decades of deadly violence , giving rise to one of the world's deadliest disputes ."
when kashmiris don't want to live under govt of india then why is not being freed . what is doing ?     will not be forgiven by their religion because cruelty is banned in all religion . 2 /2"
indian occupied kashmir , the valley among the wolves .          
  says "courts are imp but people \'s forum is more imp .@maryamnsharif has also been saying so for long time . at least these two are on the same page . '
on this very date kashmir was invaded &amp; captured by hindu india . 71 years have surpassed and yet our cause remains outstanding . a very black day for kashmiris , azadi kehliye jang rahay gi jang rahay gi .  
thousands of kashmiris have been martyred by the indian forces .                        
after vicious pmln whatsapp media cell propaganda about jet landing in not only to destabilize govt of &amp; to undermine influence in the region at a day when on israeli journalist himself denies ! 5  
illegally detained chairman said sacrifices of kashmiri martyrs would not go waste and their mission would be accomplished at all costs        
                  free !! '
on the night of 23 february 1991, soldiers from the 4 rajputana rifles regiment of indian army gang-raped around 23 women of kunan &amp; poshpora villages of kupwara district - ohchr .          
one of the most beautiful places i have seen . ironically , one of the most brutally occupied state . i wish and pray these innocent people get their freedom back from ruthless indians . '
india has to quit kashmir  
27 th oct 1947 the darkest black day this 71 years of continuous humiliation suffered by kahmiris is the world's most tragic story :( everyday is until they get freedom !   "
hr body issues notice to police , admin over killings    
kashmir is our's not their's   "
ohchr exposed that indian forces caused deaths &amp; injuries to protesting kashmiris from pellet shotguns , bullets , tear gas shells .                    
71 years of oppression and brutality ... 71 years of sacrifices and struggle ... 71 years of the battle between demon and divine ...  
exchange of views with   on . what a great asset of pakistan he is .  
india by using its troops clearly reflects that it is losing the battle of hearts and minds .                        
ohchr has reported that the hr violations in kashmir include torture , custodial deaths , rape , enforced disappearances &amp; extrajudicial executions by indian forces .        
why is   silent on the issue of  
remembering those who sacrificed their lives fighting this tyranny .  
black day being observed in occupied kashmir as on this day india took over the region and with passage of time send its troops . thousands of kashmiris were martyred since then . may independence day of kashmir's comes fast as possible "
long periods of curfews and obstructions by indian forces in 2016 and 2017 had a cumulative impact on students in kashmir - ohchr                    
heartwrenching tales of 70 years of illegal occupation of 'heaven on earth ', we must step up so the unjustified barbarianism stops-our silence now will cost us generations of brave kashmiri men and women and a very unforgiving history . "
27 october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 ... .. . '
india should end state terrorism in kashmir .,kashmiri brothers should definitely get thier rights .,freedom is the right of kashmir .,.,we stand with kashmir '
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
world community should take notice of the human rights violations in indian .          
love and prayers for kashmir !  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
impunity for human rights violations and lack of access to justice are key human rights challenges in the state of jammu &amp; kashmir . - ohchr                  
vote for kashmir to support it as ..........!!   '
can you relate this ?  
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
kashmir is an integral part of pakistan . the kashmiri struggle continues in the face of intense criminal aggression by the indian government . we stand by the kashmiris every step of the way and we demand this brutality be stopped immediately . '
the kashmir issue should be resolved as early as possible .kashmir is a part of . .kashmir hamra hai .  
on this day in 1947, the indian army invaded and occupied kashmir . every year , kashmiris observe this day as yaum-e-siah (black day ) to reject the indian occupation of kashmir and revitalise their struggle for self-determination . '
27 th october observes occupation day . on this day in 1947 indian troops landed here and the saga of deceit and occupation .  
kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity . '
  the heartbreaking amnesty international report on the pictorial description of blinded women , children &amp; youth by barbaric use of pellet guns by india in jammu and kashmir        
impunity for human rights violations and lack of access to justice are key human rights challenges in the state of jammu &amp; kashmir . - ohchr                  
killing fields of kashmir in my kashmir , this year is turning every leaf red . not a single day is left when someone is not get martyred in kashmir by the indian occupational forces . '
kashmiris on both sides of the line of control and the world over are observing black day , today , to convey to the world that indias occupation of jammu and kashmir is totally illegal , unjust and contrary to the kashmiris aspirations .  
indian brutalities in kashmir must stop , salute to the martyrs of kashmir .        
on this day in 1947, the indian army invaded and occupied kashmir . every year , kashmiris observe this day as yaum-e-siah (black day ) to reject the indian occupation of kashmir and revitalise their struggle for self-determination .  
in occupied , complete shutdown is being observed , today , to mark the 27 th october as to convey to the world that the kashmiris reject indias illegal occupation of jammu and kashmir       '
kashmir has been made a valley of endless sorrow by the indian forces .                        
  where are you ??? what are you doing for the rights of people's of . are they not human beings ?? why india is free in case of kashmir ??? "
october 27 is the darkest day in the history of jammu and and the kashmiris living on both sides of the line of control and across the world observe it as black day .    
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
: kashmir dispute is a recognized fact : aphc leader and the chairman of tehreek-e-hurriyat jammu and kashmir , muhammad ashraf sehrai        
as a historical legacy , the kashmir conflict has been an outstanding issue for over 70 years                        
president of pakistan talking about kashmir ,    
october 27 is the darkest day in the history of jammu and and the kashmiris living on both sides of the line of control and across the world observe it as black day .          
  janab do leave a message for kashmiris today  
we are burhan !  
pakistan stands with kashmiri brethren against indian illegal brutal occupation over beloved land of kashmir . this is the solidarity with kashmiris on  
excellent innitivate by it must be permanently ban forever .  
the indian atrocities cannot silence the just struggle of kashmiris .                        
for me everyday is black day of kashmir , just 1 day is not enough to condemn for what cruelty is happening in kashmir since 71 years . we need to put our strong efforts for independence of kashmir . '
a special event was held at the embassy of pakistan , washington dc to observe kashmir black day        
exclusive image of plane landed in . plane can be clearly seen in lahore near lower mall . haters will say its chaburji plane .  
long periods of curfews and obstructions by indian forces in 2016 and 2017 had a cumulative impact on students in kashmir - ohchr        
why is un silent on the issue of kashmir ,?  
stop killing at least ...! where is now ???'
love and prayers for kashmir . '
maulana diesel spreading patwari whatsapp media cell propaganda about jet landing in not only to destabilize govt of , but also to undermine influence in the region at a day when 4  
but has stopped bleeding as per the say of government of pakistan ? otherwise   government is mum over the recent plane coming to pakistani air space , who were on board , what was the business , what are next plans ? we have right to know '
numerous lives have been lost , 1000 s of children disabled , youth murdered on a daily basis in kashmir but the world stays quiet to the indian attrocities . the world must wake up &amp;realize kashmirbleeds ! on kashmirblackday , we pledge that we will save kashmir '
ohchr has reported that the hr violations in kashmir include torture ,custodial deaths ,rape, enforced disappearances &amp; extrajudicial executions by indian forces .                
in occupied , complete shutdown is being observed , today , to mark the 27 th october as to convey to the world that the kashmiris reject indias illegal occupation of jammu and kashmir        
  your message today on would be  
tribute to martyred of kashmir mujahid minhaj muauddin who sacrifice himself on 25 th oct ,  
evolution of patwarism  
this is the real story of iok . millions kashmiries lost their lives . orphans &amp; widows , burnt houses , muslim genocide . tells the storyvof indian terrorist army .@toiindianews                
pakistan would not relent in its moral , political and diplomatic support until the kashmiris realize their legitimate right to self-determination : pm imran          
the picture speaks for it self ....!  
such resilience &amp; it gets unnoticed  
watch internationally acclaimed author and journalist arundhati roy on state-sponsored terror in india is brutalizing kashmir . i believe have a right to self determination . (2/2)  
days-long curfews and communications blockades had a major impact on people and their access to medical care in kashmir - ohchr                    
watch the onternationally acclaimed author &amp; journalist arundhati roy on indias state-sponsored terror in india is brutalizing . i believe have a right to self determination . (1/2)  
why is un silent on the issue of kahmiir  
we are burhan  
system of pakistan for any injustice is comprised of : 1 . claims stating "we will not tolerate this " 2 . notices 3 . investigation 4 . committee 5 . another committee to monitor committee 6 . jit 7 . a committee to monitor jit conclusion : no result ! '
picture speaks of the resilience and sacrifices by kashmiris ...!  
the use of humans as shields by indian forces is a testimony to the worst kind of cruelty by india .                        
why is un silent on the issue of kashmir ,  
every year this day comes and   practical efforts are made . '
kashmir unfinished agenda of partition  
kashmir is our not theirs  
more than 70000 kashmiris have been martyred by indian occupation forces since 1989 .                        
very soon the day will come when kashmiri will celebrate independence day instead of black day , ministery of information    
such resilience &amp; it gets unnoticed  
today but soon , will decide the fate of this hindu zionists entity .. pak army is now fully geared for this war doctrine of  
in kashmir , 27 th october is being observed as a to convey to the world that kashmiris reject indias illegal occupation of jammu and kashmir . overseas pakistanis should help in conveying this message across the world . '
countrywide presents funeral prays of kashmiri martyrs on requests of ameer jud hafiz saeed ,  
because sleeps ...!'
kashmir - the story will air on times now from october 29 to november 2, 2018 at 11 p .m. the series will also be available on   and         '
human rights violations in occupied till october , 2018 total killings =95,147 custodial killings =7,115 civilian arrested =144,957 structures arsoned /destroyed=109,073 women widowed =22,887 children orphaned =107,735 women raped /molested=11,096 '
molana fazal ur rehman should be punished for his responsibilities on kashmir committee , he is responsible for the killings during his tenure                
mashhad iran shows solidarity with kashmir against indian attrocities  
salute to the kashmiris who are fighting for their rights against indian occupational forces . al-muhammadia students , pakistan  
in connection with the observance of kashmir , a photographic exhibition was held in washington depicting horrendous human rights violations in indian occupied kashmir .  
pellet shotgun use by law enforcement agencies resulted in multiple deaths and serious injuries of hundreds civilians between 2016 and 2018 -ohchr                  
1 kanal files affi : 46.90 lac allo : 46.75 lac call +923224929992 is authorized dealer '
pakistan will conquer kashmir and india both very soon '
india has to quit kashmir , we want freedom ...  
where is humanity ? '
un has completely failed to ensure human rights in kashmir . kashmiris are being targetted just because they want self determination . indian occupied kashmir issue is slap on world conscious .     '
indian occupation authorities continue to place hurriyat leaders including syed ali gilani , mirwaiz umar farooq , ashraf sehrai , yasin malik , and others under house arrest to prevent them from leading anti-india demonstrations , today  
pid_gov : kashmiris deserve political and human liberties . india must stop crimes against humanity in kashmir .  
on the night of 23 february 1991, soldiers from the 4 rajputana rifles regiment of indian army gang-raped around 23 women of kunan &amp; poshpora villages of kupwara district - ohchr .          
kashmir dispute needs full attention .its the crises of humanity &amp; needs to be recognize . pakistani nation stand by their kashmiri brethren &amp; support the solidarity of .un should play a key role to stop the killing of kashmiries by indian forces .  
    yes 2 oppressive regimes who kill innocent unarmed civilians shaking hands - '
on same day 71 years back india had deployed its forces in and started barbarisms which is not stopped yet   and rest of the world is completely failed to stop violence and genocide in . '
pakistani nation stands with our kashmiri brothers and sisters and supports their freedom struggle against indian state terrorism and atrocities . '
may the power be with the brave souls of kashmir . your valiance &amp; determination shall not go in vain .  
assalaam o alaikum pakistan observing black day today as india invaded jammu and kashmir on this day (27th october ) in 1947 . '
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~amnesty international report 2016 /17. #  
kashmir has only look blood and fire in the last 7 decades   and   are excellent forums for only debates these forums cant resolve the major issues like kashmir and then the world says muslims are terrorists what about the  
salute to the kashmiris who are fighting for their rights against indian occupational forces .  
- replugging my article , which i wrote in jan 2017, about indian attempts to alter demographics in and .  
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . save kashmir , save humanity .  
issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , brotherhood and friendliness . but india never understand this ! and continue to bleed .....mourning just mourning there !  
thousands of kashmiris have been martyred by the indian forces .          
a media investigation claimed that schools and colleges in the iok were closed for nearly 60 per cent of the working days between july 2016 &amp; may 2017 - ohchr                
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . save kashmir , save humanity .  
watch how beautiful was kashmir but india ruined it . the place which was called 'heaven on the earth ' has now been converted into the darkest place , where everyday one or more kashmiri's r killed by indian army . "
stop killing inocent kashmiris .'
in response to demonstrations that started in july 2016, indian security forces used excessive force that led to unlawful killings .- ohchr                  
kashmir wants freedom . kashmiris wants peace in kashmir .  
seventy years ago on friday , the indian army landed in the himalayan valley ofkashmir , giving rise to one of the world's deadliest disputes .   "
listen our day will come too as a day come to cruelty and darkness goes away , it will not be everlasting awaiting our darkest days turn into days of lucent insha'allah "
we stand with kashmir and our kashmir brethren . they deserve freedom . save kashmir , save humanity .  
they deserve freedom .'
numrous lives have been lost , 1000 s of children disabled , youth murdered on a daily basis in but the world stays quiet /oblivious to the . the world must wake up &amp;realize ! on , we pledge every year that we will save kashmir .'
people of pakistan condemn the brutality on kashmiris by indian forces .'
indian brutalities in kashmir must stop , salute to the martyrs of kashmir .                        
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
      it's problem of islam you want to stand with yazeed and abu juhal on day of judgement your choice but no betrayal would take place of jerusalem "
kashmiris deserve political and human liberties . india must stop crimes against humanity in kashmir .  
  kashmir has right of plebiscite . even indian leaders said it .  
about time the whole world sincerely got on the same page for kashmir cause . un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate the innocent kashmiris ' sufferings , with absolute dedication !   "
27 oct a day when cruel army of so called democratic country attack on kashmir and occupy it , we tribute to the people of kashmir who sacrifice their livings and always support them ..  
un and the international community must play their role to stop indian aggression and brutality in kashmir .           '
according to an internet freedoms group , internet services in iok were suspended 32 times in 2017, compared to 10 times in 2016 - ohchr                  
numerous lives have been lost , 1000 s of children disabled , youth murdered on a daily basis in but the world stays quiet /oblivious to the . the world must wake up &amp;realize ! on , we pledge every year that we will save kashmir '
kashmiris know the importance of green crescent flag . kashmir will be part of pakistan in our lifetime , in shaa allah . we stand with kashmiris on 71 st black day in history of kashmir .  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
phase 10 1 kanal file affi :50.00 lac allo :48.00 lac call +923224929992 is authorized dealer '
4 k views ! more is yet to come ! subscribe to our channel now ! link is in bio !    
people are protesting against indian terrorism in kashmir  
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
heartbreaking news from kashmir  
where is un ????  
27 th october 1947 is the darkest day in the history of jammu and kashmir : hurriyat leaders        
navy chaps are cleaning up the seashore after the oil spill . civilians and beach lovers should also come up as it is long exercise . for marine life and ecosystem , media should also highlight it . '
issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , brotherhood and friendliness . but india never understand this !  
71 yrs of brutality sacrifices &amp;battle b /w demon &amp;divine. we were ,we are &amp;we will always b standing wid kashmiris .pakistan has an unbreakable bond wid kashmirglobal community needs to respect un resolutions on kashmir .indian barbarism must stop '
ohchr has reported that the hr violations in kashmir include torture ,custodial deaths ,rape, enforced disappearances &amp; extrajudicial executions by indian forces .                
kashmiris observing black day today to convey to the world that india has occupied jammu and kashmir against their will .          
kashmiris observing black day today to convey to the world that india has occupied jammu and kashmir against their will .         '
  today is but u ,   and   are struggling on fake news , so that no one remember '
save kashmir .  
occupation means you live out your live under military brutality , and the constant threat of death , a quick death by butchers of humanity  
kashmir is the life line of pakistan  
kashmir is our's not their's   "
  brutality in kashmir since last 70 years  
  this specific fictitious saga by saeed ahmed khan is a glaring indicator that this man is severely facing mental disorder . people with schizophrenia may seem like they have lost touch with reality .     1 /5  
a number of people showing solidarity with kashmiris  
ohchr has reported that the hr violations in kashmir include torture ,custodial deaths ,rape, enforced disappearances &amp; extrajudicial executions by indian forces .@amnesty              
we are burhan  
we are burhan  
o god ! have a mercy on them  
oh ! indian army kashmiri have spoken " get out form "  
kashmir has been bleeding for over 70 years .the terrorist indian army are killing innocent kashmirs on daily basis but unfortunately   and the rest of the world can't see the barbarism of india .   "
salute to the kashmiris who are fighting for their rights against indian occupational forces .  
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~amnesty international report 2016 /17.  
27 -october indian army was occupied the jamu and kashmir in 1947 . after three scores and a ten , kashmiris still fight against this illegal occupation . pakistan always hold peaceful demonstration to indian high commissions and worldwide .  
\'aisha had said , "the prophet bought some foodstuff on credit from a jew and mortgaged an iron armor to him ." (bukhari) jammu kashmiri oman netanyahu '
this is real face of bloody indian dogs ...  
27 -october indian army was occupied the jamu and kashmir in 1947 . after three scores and a ten , kashmiris still fight against this illegal occupation . pakistan always hold peaceful demonstration to indian high commissions and worldwide .  
liberation of kashmir from the clutch of india is the need of the hour  
there is no military solution to the kashmir issue . india must understand this reality .                        
childish &amp; political rhetoric are the best adjectives to describe 's response to   's tweet . &amp; his team still not ready to believe they are in govt now . "
      they have right of freedom , they are continuously fighting for their freedom from last 70 years  
was observed in tando allahyar . a rally was organized by gbps prem nagar . kashmir is jugular vein of pakistan . we supports kashmiri struggle for freedom .  
since day 1 till now killings ,torture hate everything fails .even the indians have also failed to understand kashmiri's don't need them . "
kashmiri people are fighting the war for freedom . and india cannot stop this freedom movement through atrocities , as kashmir dispute is a problem of humanity , human rights , and freedom .  
we support kashmir freedom movement , kashmiri brothers &amp; sisters are sacrifying their lives for their motherland .  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
human rights violations in occupied till october , 2018 total killings =95,147 custodial killings =7,115 civilian arrested =144,957 structures arsoned /destroyed=109,073 women widowed =22,887 children orphaned =107,735 women raped /molested=11,096  
is ours not theirs  
kashmir matter should be solved ,our kashmiri brothers and sister have a right to live their lives according to their culture and religion ,they should be live happy and secure on their mother land ! '
we are burhan  
every picture telling it's story  
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir . save kashmir , save humanity . '
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 . '
failing to stop tyranny of indian forces on innocent kashmiris is a flaw for un  
kashmiris observe black day today (27-10-2018).            
kashmir is ours not theirs  
ultimate courage is being shown shown by the people of indian occupied kashmir for last 71 years . it's time for muslim ummah to unite and fight for their freedom .   "
71 years on ..... kashmir still bleeds ....  
kashmir burning since 71 years because of the double standards of    
the kashmiris are still waiting for their right of self-determination .                        
the minister said that strongly condemns the in state in and will remain a leading advocate for the rights of in the world .  
how much loneger ? end illegal indian occupation . '
pathetic indian army can never break down their will , hope &amp; strive for freedom . inshallah kashmir bany ga pakistan , kashmiris are the most passionate , lively &amp; awaked nation on earth now .! '
instead of clarifying the plane news , fawadchaudhry is busy with targeting opposition and defending the wrongdoings of his incompetent govt . '
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 . '
kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity .  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir . '
one day kashmir will be the part of pakistan '
we stand with kashmir ...  
today we solubarit  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied .  
kashmir is bleeding and whole of the world is sleeping even the resolutions of un are in vain . i stand with kashmir .  
ohchr revealed that authorities in jammu &amp; kashmir imposed restrictions on freedom of expression , targeting media and journalists .                  
pakistan stands with kashmir (70 years of struggle )  
blackday to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
  this person saeed ahmed khan is in dire need of some medical help ! ludicrous imaginations &amp; unwarranted fictitious tales .             1 /5  
pakistan stands with kashmir (70 years of struggle )  
black day  
                        this oppression must be end . needs freedom '
27 october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
india has to quit kashmir  
71 years of sacrifices and struggle prayers for innocent support kashmiris support humanity  
kashmir is jugular vain of pakistan , whose jugular vain isn't free how that country can be free ? "
salute to the mothers of kashmir who give birth boys to die for their motherland ..  
why is   silent on the issue of the kashmir  
                        this oppression must be end . kashmir needs freedom '
jamat u dawah karachi registered its protest against the bloodbath in kashmir .  
kashmiri people are fighting the war for freedom . and india cannot stop this freedom movement through atrocities , as kashmir dispute is a problem of humanity , human rights , and freedom . '
pakistan stands with kashmir .  
there were numerous reports of attacks on , and obstruction of , basic medical services that had a severe impact on the injured and general civilian population in iok from 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr        
the world is getting aware of indian atrocities on kashmiri people .                        
how loud do the screams have to be , before you listen ,   ?    
please help kashmir  
the un and the international community must play their role to stop indian aggression and brutality in kashmir .                      
why justice has made so expensive for kashmir  
one is other .... is not a challenge to win , it is about 14.324 millions people lives ... stop fighting and lets resolve this now plzzz ....  
  appalling and worrisome situation in the indian occupied kashmir .innocents being shot down by oppressive regime to clamp voice of self determination &amp; independence . wonder where is the   &amp; other int bodies &amp; why aren't they making efforts to stop this bloodshed ? "
we pakistanis stand with our kashmiri brothers and sisters in their freedom struggle ..  
social media in is rife with plane's stay for 10 hours in pak but   still feels no need to clear the situation . "
27 october is the blackest day in the of the sub-continent . illegally occupied on this day in 1947 . very soon kashmir will be freed from the illegal occupation &amp; brutality of indian occupational forces .  
salute to the mothers of kashmir who give birth boys to die for their motherland ..  
days-long and communications had a major on people and their access to medical care in kashmir - ohchr              
indian occupation forces are brutally using pellet guns to physically torture the innocent kashmiris .                        
pakistan stands with the people of kashmir and urges un to implement its resolutions regarding '
india illegally occupied kashmir on 27 october .  
72 years of steadfastness and resistance .  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
blackday to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
                          71 years of illegal occupation and oppresssion of kashmir by india must end now . struggle for freedom cannot be suppressed through guns and pellets '
salute to the mothers of kashmir who give birth boys to die for their motherland ..  
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri ...  
new tax slabs are on the way : fbr '
appalling and worrisome situation in the indian occupied kashmir .innocents being shot down by oppressive regime to clamp voice of self determination &amp; independence . wonder where is the   &amp; other int bodies &amp; why aren't they making efforts to stop this bloodshed ? "
27 october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 . '
can you relate this ?  
kashmiri women half living between reality nd fantasy there r 1000 s of who have been disappeared leaving behind women wth photographs waiting .imagine a day not knowing where ur loved one is .    
27 october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 . '
watch the fearless kashmiri youth chant boom boom afridi on 27 th november 2017, when indian cricketer ms dhoni visited indian occupied kashmir . no amount of state sponsored terrorism by india can stop the freedom struggle .  
ohchr exposed that indian forces caused deaths &amp; injuries to protesting kashmiris from pellet shotguns , bullets , tear gas shells .                    
people asking for change , here it is atleast i never recieved this kind a message before . excellent initiative by                
raise voice against indian security forces blatant human rights violation in indian occupied kashmir .  
alhamdulillah . good news . broadcast and publication of all types of indian content is banned in pakistan . '
this is how children are treated under an ugly occupation .  
can you relate this ?  
"united nations security council through several of its resolutions , has validated the kashmiris right to decide their future through a fair and impartial plebiscite " president of pakistan dr arif alvi  
you may hv occupied us illegally but u do not own us ..even if u buy all the weapons in the world or station ur mutts over us we still won't backdown !! you have no power over us you never did and you never will !! kashmir belongs to   "
issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , brotherhood and friendliness . but india never understand this ! and continue to bleed .....mourning just mourning there !  
woke up to the heart-wrenching image of this girl bading final good-bye to her brother in indian occupied kashmir who was brutally killed by ruthless indian forces . un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate innocent kashmiris ' sufferings !!   "
a media investigation claimed that schools and colleges in the iok were closed for nearly 60 per cent of the working days between july 2016 &amp; may 2017 - ohchr                
71 years of oppression , brutality , sacrifices and struggle . 71 years of the battle between demon and divine , story of bloodbath and genocide .    
kashmiris have rejected indian occupation and kashmiris struggle is the symbol of human quest for freedom .            
27 the oct is a day to salute the courage and fearlessness with which the kashmiris faced indian forces and never gave up ... we stand with kashmir  
"kashmir will become pakistan " insha allah '
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~amnesty international report 2016 /17.  
kashmir is the part of heaven and non-muslim can never get heaven so india should not to see the dreams of kashmir  
i remember as a young child protesting against the against people of every background in jammu &amp; kashmir - from rape to murder . the violence is over seventy years old - when will this end ? '
long periods of curfews and obstructions by indian forces in 2016 and 2017 had a cumulative impact on students in kashmir - ohchr                  
lets unite and stand with kashmir for their rights &amp; freedom .  
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 . '
  speaking in favor of &amp; acknowledging the steadfastness of our brothers . we all stand in solidarity with kashmir . such unity &amp; brotherhood is commendable .  
is it just me or is october 27 being given a bit more hype this time around than usual . '
fake news by international and national paid jounalists to sabotage kashmir black day . even pmln ex-minister ahsan iqbal also spread it over facebook .        
pakistan stands with kashmir .  
by the way where is islamic military alliances ??'
"it\'s better to die fighting for freedom then to live life in chains " '
  may you live long our real heroes ... '
kashmir's blood is not for sale . we stand in solidarity with kashmir . black day , 27 th october marks the struggles &amp; hardships faced by our brothers .   "
to be observed against occupation of the day is observed every year to mark extreme resentment and indignation over the continued unlawful and forcible occupation of bulk of state by the tyrannical forces '
abu maaz , according to police was killed on 26 sep 2018 in tujjar . today , police again said that they have killed abu maaz in pazalpora . who was killed n who is telling truth ?  
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
international hr groups have accused indian security forces of using excessive force &amp; failing to adhere to applicable national &amp; international standards on the use of force - ohchr .          
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir . '
kab tak hum uno kay asray pay rahengy ??? shame on u muslim leaders '
27 october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 . everyday india in ..  
the political struggle of kashmiries bring vectory soon ia ....'
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir . '
this kashmiri boy had a perfect message for the indian army in indian occupied kashmir .  
kashmir is bleeding and whole of the world is sleeping even the resolutions of un are in vain . i stand with kashmir .  
kashmiris have rejected indian occupation and kashmiris struggle is the symbol of human quest for freedom .                      
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
i dream of an independent kashmir . insha allah . '
stop the kashmiri genocide done by indian don't know why international community can speak on saudi journalist murder but quite on kashmiri's genocide .   "
i dont understand why world can't see the blood and hues and cries of innocent kashmiris .   "
can you relate this ?  
blood of masroor ahmed 10 year old boy from we are with you , and will take this fight for your rights to each and every forum in this world .  
kashmirbleeds .    
our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . hum kya chahte ...... aazadi  
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
27 october is the blackest day , illegally occupied on this day in 1947 having know that are in majority . from that day , kashmiris started to suffer and the killing spree is still going on in by '
if there is heaven on earth ,it is here , it is here , it is here ! kashmir '
days-long curfews and communications blockades had a major impact on people and their access to medical care in kashmir - ohchr                    
human rights abuses have been a part of the campaign of the indian army against muslim kashmiris .      
on october 27 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary .  
kashmir's blood is not for sale . we stand in solidarity with kashmir . black day , 27 th october marks the struggles &amp; hardships faced by our brothers .   "
stability of kashmir is the prosperity of asia and the region . this issue needs to be addressed  
27 october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
stop brutality and aggression in  
ohchr revealed that authorities in jammu &amp; kashmir imposed restrictions on freedom of expression , targeting media and journalists .                  
human rights voilations in kashmir must stop .  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
at least 6,221 ppl received pellet injuries from july 2016 and feb 2017 ,782 of them had eye injuries . as per shrc ,59 females were injured by pellets after being shot inside their homes .! this is terrorism in .  
interesting ... isn't it ?   "
thousands of pakistanis have rallied across the country to denounce the recent killing of 18 people by indian forces in .  
former trump adviser and conservative firebrand steve bannon said on friday he was endorsing far-right presidential candidate jair bolsonaro , hoping he could win sundays vote and contribute to a global populist tide '
ohchr revealed that authorities in jammu &amp; kashmir imposed restrictions on freedom of expression , targeting media and journalists .                  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
o my mother ....!!! hug me now ... because this is kashmir ! may be tomorrow i will not be with you ..!          
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
, in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . hum kya chahte ...... aazadi  
at every martyrdom kashmiris revive their ideology of resistance against occupational forces . chant slogans kashmir bnay ga pakistan  
woke up to the heart-wrenching image of this girl bading final good-bye to her brother in indian occupied kashmir who was brutally killed by ruthless indian forces . un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate innocent kashmiris ' sufferings !!   "
tweet jungju : oh god , 2 kashmiri protestors killed by indians . me : o bhai 2 protestors killed in bakakhel too - they were protesting for drinking water . tweet jungju : you know nothing , they're traitors and anti army and deserve death . me : and kashmiris ? "
india by using its troops clearly reflects that it is losing the battle of hearts and minds .                        
story of every kashmiri mother  
save humanity save kashmir  
lets have some action plan to make black day into a liberty day . i dnt knw till whn , we all would be doing and struggling with the same labell . kashmkr issue . save kashmir niyazi sahb .  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
watch the views of the award winning &amp; internationally acclaimed indian author and journalist arundhati roy on indian state-sponsored terror in india is brutalizing kashmir . i believe kashmiris have a right to self determination . (part 2 /2)  
pakistan needs to fight this case as it's own case , and it's our case . it's pakistan's moral and religious duty to put up the kashmir issue on un's forum properly .   "
humanity is bleeding in kashmir and the champions of human rights are sleeping ! all those who love humanity should come forward to solve this dispute because this is the longest pending dispute in the world . '
5 : 87 % kashmiris have been frisked by secuirty forces . 6 : 48 % kashmiris think they are not safe . 7 : 99 % kashmiris have witnessed crackdowns . 8 : 75 % kashmiris have undergone torture while in a detention . '
prime minister's words are feelings and emotions of pakistani people . thank you   you have represented our feelings properly .  
watch the views of the award winning &amp; internationally acclaimed indian author and journalist arundhati roy on indian state-sponsored terror in india is brutalizing kashmir . i believe kashmiris have a right to self determination . (part 1 /2)  
what's the one thing you love about retweet n vote "
thousands of kashmiris have been martyred by the indian forces .                        
71 years of atrocities of india is something to speak loud , every kashmiri has right to live freely why they are paying their lives for their basic rights ...  
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .  
our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . hum kya chahte ...... aazadi . ha haq hamara ........aazadi. ham ly ka rahhngy ...aazadi.  
no power on earth can deprive of their right to self - determination acknowledged by the un as well , says federal minister for kashmir affairs &amp; gilgit baltistan ali amin gandapur   '
kashmir dispute needs international attention save kashmir    
pakistan stands with kashmir and the dream of indipendence from indian atrocities ! '
the indian aggressiveness must be heard now .  
alarming statistics of occupied kashmir 1 : 65 % kashmiris have witnessed explosions . 2 : 39 % kashmiris witnessed damage to personal property . 3 : 85 % kashmiris have witnessed cross fired . 4 : 64 % kashmiris suffers from anxiety . '
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
now kashmir matter should be solved ,our kashmiri brothers and sister have a right to live their lives according to their culture and religion ,they should be live happy and secure on their mother land ! '
over 1,000 kashmiri people were detained under the notorious public safety act by indian forces between march 2016 &amp; august 2017 . - ohchr                  
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
kashmir is an integral part of pakistan . the kashmiri struggle continues in the face of intense criminal aggression by the indian government . we stand by the kashmiris every step of the way and we demand this brutality be stopped immediately . '
high commission kenya holding event in  
71 years of oppression .. 71 years of mass killings ... humans without human rights .... free kashmir from the brutal india ....  
                  save kashmir , save humanity . '
27 october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
by   , becoming voice of blinded pellet gun victims in indian occupied "jammu and kashmir ". .   report \'s recommendations for commission of inquiry &amp; grant of right to self-determination must be realized .  
kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity .  
turks reiterate unwavering support for the oppressed people of indian occupied kashmir    
look back to torn land , . pilgrims marching to karbala hold banners reading " free kashmir " in solidarity with oppressed living back of the hills , crestfallen . alone . shias are resisting even being out of the sad valley .  
the people of kashmir will never surrender  
issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , brotherhood and friendliness . but india never understand this ! and continue to bleed .....mourning just mourning there ! '
72 years of oppression and brutality ... 72 years of sacrifices and struggle ... 72 years of the battle between demon and divine ...  
indian state !! 27 -october-1993 : ,19 unarmed civilians were massacred for staging a peaceful protest against indian colonial rule .          
today is 27 th of october , remembered as the black day in pakistan and indian occupied kashmir . its a protest against the time when india had forcibly taken over the land by airlifting its forces to sirinagar .  
ohchr report mentioned the incident of indian forces high handedness when a kashmiri man was seen strapped to the front of a moving indian army jeep .                
is a day when illegally occupied kashmir , since that day .it is time that   must act to resolve the issue and to avoid more human rights violations .  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
pakistanis from both sides of border are looking towards him when he will make progress according to that policy which he had given regarding kashmir just after being elected as prime minister .  
allama iqbal kept raising his voice against the brutalities of hindu raj on the people of kashmir encouraged by the british . his dream of pakistan became reality , his dream of freedom of kashmir will become reality too .  
sheer resolve of kashmiris for freedom is forcing indian occupation to crack from within .                        
kashmir burned un , hrw , oic sleep '
kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity .  
humanity is bleeding in kashmir and the champions of human rights are sleeping ! '
you what indian politician and pakistani politician they both claimed their love with kashmir but they didn't love kashmiris people "
human rights abuses have been a part of the campaign of the indian army against muslim kashmiris .      
a message to the global community that india has expropriated kashmiris inalienable right to self-determination through use of force . we re-affirm our commitment and support to kashmiris in their just struggle for freedom .    
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
kashmir dispute needs international attention . save kashmir , save humanity .  
indian state sponsored terrorism in kashmir has made the life of innocent kashmiris miserable .                        
human rights voilations in kashmir must stop .  
truth cant be suppressed by oppression .  
thousands of pakistanis have rallied across the country to denounce the recent killing of 18 people by indian forces in .  
kashmir is a clear evidence of indian artocities .  
we should be tweeting about kashmir but the "humanitarian" lefties of pakistan who care so much about human rights are busy tweeting about plane landing . disservice to kashmiris , human rights and nation been done .'
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .      
the muslim majority population in the kashmir valley suffers from the repressive tactics of the security forces .  
how terrorist occupied forces treat kashmiris  
black day : remembering indian atrocities in kashmir  
today is 27 th of october , remembered as the black day in pakistan and indian occupied kashmir . its a protest against the time when india had forcibly taken over the land by airlifting its forces to sirinagar .  
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
so stand up and claim your right because the moment has now  
prime minister .imrankhanpti in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
i express my solidarity with the brave and grief stricken people of kashmir who are fighting since 7 decades for getting freedom from the incessant cruelty , barbarism and oppression of indian forces . '
now its time to  
in the history of kashmir .  
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .      
story of every kashmiri mother ..  
tyrant indian army which can not even force a kashmiri child to legitimize their occupation , how on earth it can remain occupant for a longer period of time ? india your game is over !  
in response to demonstrations that started in july 2016, indian security forces used excessive force that led to unlawful killings .- ohchr                  
    our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . '
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .      
27 october 1947 indian forces attacked on kashmir  
indian occupied kashmir is the world's largest military zone of the earth   "
prime minister .@imrankhanpti in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
say inshallah ameen .  
black day for kashmir            
kashmir is , was and will always be part of pakistan .. it's just the matter of time when pak army along with the nation will make it happen and take kashmir by sword !   "
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , brotherhood and friendliness . but india never understand this ! and continue to bleed .....mourning just mourning there !  
    our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . '
  kashmir valley un resolutionsthe security councils plebiscite planhttps ://t.co/653wt1aqy7     /security                        
social media is playing it's role somewhere but we need to raise this issue on mainstream media too .   "
long periods of curfews and obstructions by indian forces in 2016 and 2017 had a cumulative impact on students in kashmir - ohchr                    
whats meant to be , will be . someday soon inshaallah well witness pak-kashmir . (pure from indians )  
the new ignition of freedom movement which martyrs like muzaffer wani and mannan wani have started will ultimately result in the freedom of kashmir .. this is not going to stop now !  
kashmir is fighting for freedom ... kashmir is bleeding ... world is silent ...  
human rights defenders who have tried to bring international attention to the hr situation in iok have faced reprisals . ohchr                    
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 . '
from 70 years kashmir is fighting for freedom ...  
  i luv u sir .from iok .#blackday. .#ghazwa-e-hind.#hinduzionistsbenotspared.  
we stand with kashmir ...  
27 october is not only black day for kashmiris it's a black day of humanity , how many lives have been sacrificed .   "
foreign minister of pakistan , shah mehmood qureshi , in his message on says that we express our full solidarity with our kashmiri brethren who have rendered unmatched sacrifices in their struggle for self-determination .  
from 70 years kashmir is fighting for freedom ... we stand with kashmir ...  
october 27 is the black day when indian troops landed in kashmir . we stand with kashmiries till freedom . freedom is the right of every human . '
foreign minister of pakistan ,   , in his message on says that we express our full solidarity with our kashmiri brethren who have rendered unmatched sacrifices in their struggle for self-determination .  
pakistan must stand with the under all circumstances . every kashmiri martyr is buried in pakistani flag . we must start an assertive movement for them now - professor  
we will stop the indian terrorism soon ... but not more now ... is the force of we are coming endia  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
lots of love and prayers for kashmir ....we have to ask what kashmir want !  
ohchr has exposed that the laws enforced in kashmir contravene the rights enshrined in the international covenant on civil and political rights .                  
un should play its role in stopping human rights violation on the people of kashmir by indian security forces and an early resolution to the jammu &amp; kashmir issue . '
justice for kashmir .  
today is a black day when india entered his army into kashmir and destroyed their peace &amp; showed his face of animalism in kashmir . prime minister   is requested to take measures to address the problem of kashmir . '
kashmir under indian occupation is a challenge for the world community for its early resolution .                        
  yes agree '
71 years passed n still '
  must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir . '
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
kashmir is pakistan . heaven on earth . '
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
there were numerous reports of attacks on , and obstruction of , basic medical services that had a severe impact on the injured and general civilian population in iok from 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr        
today but soon , will decide the fate of this hindu zionists entity .. pak army is now fully geared for this war doctrine of  
kashmir is destined to be free from indian occupation . the sacrifices of thousands of kashmiris will not go waste .                    
today , a black day is observed to express solidarity with the people of kashmir . india has unleashed worst brutalities to continue its illegal occupation .kashmir bleeds while international community sleeps . the brave people of iok deserve the admiration of world .  
mothers express their anguish over deaths of loved ones in kashmir . its auspicious while watchng native kshmiris fight for thr rights . this strugle canot be bated by desperadoes army . one can see the embedded freedom cause in locals is now flourishing . '
han main hoon - a clear message for and  
remarks by muhammad syrus sajjad qazi , ambassador of pakistan to turkey at the event organized by youth assembly of konya to commemorate kashmir black day    
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir . gop '
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~amnesty international report 2016 /17.  
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
the report on human rights violations in indian occupied kashmir calls for international inquiry on multiple violations . international community should held indian government accountable . sanctions should also be imposed for such mass killing . '
over 1,000 kashmiri people were detained under the notorious public safety act by indian forces between march 2016 &amp; august 2017 . - ohchr                  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
we support and stand with kashmir in their freedom struggle ..freedom is their right ..  
support kashmir peoples ,they are fighting for their freedom pak government has to take strictaction  
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .   '
i honestly like to believe it's true . we can't afford any alliance with israel .   "
love and prayers for kashmir  
indian inhuman face has been exposed internationally .  
must call &amp;hold every year confress /meeting of &amp; in pakistan &amp;show them brutality in through documentaries ,media files ,short films ,kashmeri people speeches '
over 1,000 kashmiri people were detained under the notorious public safety act by indian forces between march 2016 &amp; august 2017 . - ohchr                  
human rights abuses in the indian state of jammu and kashmir state are an ongoing issue . the abuses range from mass killings , enforced disappearances , torture , rape and sexual abuse to political repression and suppression of freedom of speech .    
so many young people have sacrificed their lives angainst the brutalities of indian forces but their blood wont go wasted the struggle of independent kashmir will continue until we achieve this .. pakistan and pakistani people are with u .'
truth cant be suppressed by oppression .  
wears billboards and banners inscribed with anti , india slogans . stands firm with in observing green          
where are human rights advocates ?? money matters stupid , they wont pay attention :( prayers and love for      
historic rallies in chilas city to denounce indian occupation of .  
hundreds of thousand of kashmiris have been killed in occupied kashmir yet the extremist government of india not held accountable . '
                  i support the kashmiris and i strongly condemn the cruelties done on kashmiris by indian terrorists . '
join me here :   _ _ _  
since 27 oct 1947, every morning &amp; night is in mourning .everyday is a in . '
no one can stop from freedom .whatever indian do become '
and has been bleeding since long just because of oppressions and terrorism by endia now it's the turn of india to bleed "
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
i support the kashmiris and i strongly condemn the cruelties done on kashmiris by indian terrorists .  
adgp munir khan broke down during the wreath laying ceremony of slain cisf trooper rajendar prasad at dpl .  
lets unite and stand with kashmir for their rights &amp; freedom .  
wears billboards and banners inscribed with anti , india slogans . stands firm with kashmir in observing green        
indian brutalities in kashmir must stop , salute to the martyrs of kashmir .                        
how would the lutyens slaves &amp; respond to this ..they always support stone pelting militant s .                  
black day : remembering indian atrocities in kashmir '
our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . hum kya chahte ...... aazadi  
the case for freedom pakistan wanted india to resolve issue in accordance with the resolution of  
  shame shame and shame on you . and on your so called government and armed forces . pakistan stands with kashmir and kashmiris '
the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~organisation of islamic cooperation , 72 nd session of unga .  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
  kashmir valley un resolutions the security councils plebiscite plan       /security                        
our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . hum kya chahte ...... aazadi  
  murder was inimical perpetration , paki nation castigates slaying &amp; loss of innocent journalist , only fair trial of ksa not injustice why did un &amp; world kept criminal silence in brutal murder of journalists in afghanistan ,us &amp; indian reporters of '
27 october indians army occupied in  
on the night of 23 february 1991, soldiers from the 4 rajputana rifles regiment of indian army gang-raped around 23 women of kunan &amp; poshpora villages of kupwara district - ohchr .          
pakistan stands with kashmir ... '
great news at sc bans airing all indian content .   via   news '
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
justice delay is a justice deny '
urges to play its effective role in resolving lingering dispute    
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir . '
ohchr revealed that afspa 1990 &amp; public safety act 1978 ,obstructs the normal course of law , impedes accountability and jeopardizes the right to remedy for victims of human rights violations in kashmir .        
kashmir will become pakistan . '
we residents of gilgit baltistan are fully supporting kashmiris in their historic freedom struggle .   '
on this day in 1947, the indian army invaded and occupied kashmir . every year , kashmiris observe this day as yaum-e-siah (black day ) to reject the indian occupation of kashmir and revitalise their struggle for self-determination .  
kashmir belongs to kashmiries ,'
the humanity is sleeping  
not for long :)  
pellet shotgun use by law enforcement agencies resulted in multiple deaths and serious injuries of hundreds civilians between 2016 and 2018 -ohchr                
salute to all our kashmiri freedom fighters the real heroes fighting against the terrorist indian forces since 1947, their struggle will not go in vain in shaa allah , indias brutality cannot even stop the fearless &amp; courageous people of kashmir '
i hate india because they killed million kashmir's for no reason ..   "
we support kashmiris in their immense struggle for freedom . save kashmir ,save humanity .'
message by prime minister of on .   reports recommendation for creation of commission of inquiry must be implemented to investigate human rights abuses committed by indian forces with impunity in jammu and kashmir  
kashmir is destined to be free from indian occupation . the sacrifices of thousands of kashmiris will not go waste .                      
world community should take notice of the human rights violations in indian '
71 years of oppression and brutality ... 71 years of sacrifices and struggle ... 71 years of the battle between demon and divine ...  
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
in from  
listen the voice of kashmir ...  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces . '
if , too . it's time pakistan must start arming the freedom fighters all over india to take back kashmir and dismember the zionist entity of endia ... they have started the war already ....we need to finish it now ...   "
tonight in ' pakistan this week with mansoor azam qazi ' on   live at 11 :05 pm                   "
humanity is bleeding in kashmir and the champions of human rights are sleeping !  
can you relate this ?  
the indian atrocities cannot silence the just struggle of kashmiris .                        
pain in their eyes telling that each day they lost their loved ones  
impunity for human rights violations and lack of access to justice are key human rights challenges in the state of jammu &amp; kashmir . - ohchr            
scenes from the gunfight at kreeri baramulla on .  
it was a flight from oman to pakistan . but 'if' it is . our so-called intellectuals find a way easily to divert attention .   "
27 oct , the time when india had forcibly taken over the land of kashmir by airlifting its forces to sirinagar .      
where are the so called champions of the world in my opinion they all are blind &amp; deaf thats why they are silent on the  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
everyday is in kashmir , everyday '
  our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . '
i really salute all the freedom fighters of who r facing 72 years ' brutality of cruel indians .. "
6 x indian troops sent to the hell in by kashmiri self defense forces , during the past 48 hours in various sectors of the occupied kashmir valley . report via .  
our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . hum kya chahte ...... aazadi  
pakistan is the second name of kashmir and kashmir is the second name if pakistan .  
this is . have a look on real face of terrorist india .  
  kashmiri people are going through worst kinds of human right violations but world is so dumb /deaf/blind. human right organizations see what they want to see . where it suits their agenda . otherwise all violations are okay to them .  
  should make appropriate steps against occupation on according to resolution passed by .  
  if you consider the arrival of as then what about the tribals who by invasion of created an atmosphere of loots and rapes . why not even a single word against them . show maturity not hypocrisy . running away from dialogue will cause '
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
international hr groups have accused indian security forces of using excessive force &amp; failing to adhere to applicable national &amp; international standards on the use of force - ohchr .          
kashmiri live in constsnt fear ,humiliation and harassment by indian forces .  
where are un resolutions regarding kashmir's self determination . "
live in constant fear , humiliation and harassment by  
read more :   '
this is how indian occupational forces treat our elderly people and our funerals of occupied         dragged , beaten , humiluated &amp; tortured by indian occupation forces .  
its the responsibility of   to resolve the issue of indian occupied kashmir peacefully .  
27 oct , the time when india had forcibly taken over the land of kashmir by airlifting its forces to sirinagar .  
i am amazed on the blindness of all the world powers who r still unable 2 see the slaughter of innocent .. in sha allah kashmiris ' freedom will prove the purity of blood .. "
incomplete agenda of partition of sub-continent . un must play its role in stopping atrocities of indian army . '
on sc of ban the indian contents on media , anyone could confirm it please ?       '
                our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . '
this is brutality , mass murder and massacre performed by against the innocent population of . the blind eye of the towards this brutality will have consequences that they'll regret it !   "
on this , should make concrete step against occupation on according to resolutions passed by .  
human rights defenders who have tried to bring international attention to the hr situation in iok have faced reprisals . ohchr                    
the prospect of peace with pakistan can be debated on and can be put under consideration . however , it's shameless actions have left no room for friendship . we can stop the war but the blood of our soldiers can and must never be forgotten . "
from 70 years fighting for freedom . pakistan stands with '
world community should take notice of the human rights violations in indian : minister for human rights      
the international community must take notice of brutality and torture by india forces in kashmir  
lots of love and prayers for innocent people of kashmir may allah grant them freedom aameen '
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
state sponsored terrorism at its peak ...  
woke up to the heart-wrenching image of this girl bading final good-bye to her brother in indian occupied kashmir who was brutally killed by ruthless indian forces . un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate innocent kashmiris ' sufferings !!   "
international community must take action against the indian armed forces and the should resolve kashmir despute peacefully .  
story of every kashmiri mother  
according to an internet freedoms group , internet services in iok were suspended 32 times in 2017, compared to 10 times in 2016 - ohchr                
with the feeling that they cannot use their freedom in its way , every day becomes a '
always remember kashmir ba zor e shamsheer '
we the the people of pak wil always fight 4 kashmir freedom .  
our hearts thump with that of kashmiris . pakistan is getting its position now to unite muslim nations at a unique platform . the day isn't far when occupied kashmiris will eventually celebrate azadi ia .   "
kashmiris are soldier . they don't fight to die but to win . they dont feel dignity in death . .   "
to forcefully raise and expose the indian state terrorism and atrocities in at every forum , says minister for human rights      
on 27 october 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary . but here is why the day is observed as black day every year in kashmir . '
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
27 october is not only a black day for kashmir its a black day for humanity .  
where are those so called organizations who denote themselves as the defender of human rights .?? why did they not looking towards the kashmiri people .?? upto which extent kashmiri people endure this oppresiveness &amp; grip of the india .??  
did israel's airplane land in pakistan or not ?     "
woke up to the heart-wrenching image of this girl bading final good-bye to her brother in indian occupied kashmir who was brutally killed by ruthless indian forces . un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate innocent kashmiris ' sufferings !!   "
pakistan supports kashmiris and their struggle for freedom .  
1 /2 amb . farukh amil ,permanent representative of   highlighting sacrifices of &amp; shares imp . of . he underscored that . it has been reflected in   report which asks for establishment of commission of inquiry  
fm   has strongly raised the kashmir issue in un session . its a constant struggle &amp; concrete ambition of pm imran khan to resolve it on priority bases . india will have to surrender at the end of the day .  
as per recent report of ohchr , the notorious public safety act has been widely used by the authorities in j &amp;k to stifle dissent .                    
today is the day when the evil indian forces landed in our kashmir .  
we need to be more practical . only verbal slogans are not enough .  
till when , kashmir will be occupied by indian ? why there is un ? what's uns duty ? y kashmiris being tortured killed in front of world by indian terrorist army ? y kashmir didnt get its freedom untill now ? why the world is sleeping ?even kashmiris are human ,arent thy ?   "
yes right ...every day is for kashmiri's   "
gbians who think that their precarious condition is because of kashmir , should be ashamed of themselves . if the kashmiris are sacrificing their lives for the cause of our ideology since 1948, we can atleast support them morally . '
sacrifices will not go waste in kashmir . kashmiris struggle for freedom will succeed one day .                        
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
india !!! stop brutality and violence in kashmir . give them their right according to un resolution &amp; let them decide what they want . i salute kashmiri people for their determination , valour &amp; courage against barbaric india  
prayers for kashmir and the humanity around the world in distress ! may peace prevails in every corner of the world .  
prime minister   in his message on has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
kashmir is burning . why human rights associations are silent on this issue ?  
india !!! stop brutality and violence in kashmir . give them their right according to un resolution &amp; let them decide what they want . i salute kashmiri people for their determination , valour &amp; courage against barbaric india  
not for the first time , everyday is in kashmir , everyday '
the journey of sacrifice for freedom goes on take a moment and pray for kashmir .  
ohchr report mentioned the incident of indian forces high handedness when a kashmiri man was seen strapped to the front of a moving indian army jeep .                
humanity is bleeding in kashmir and the champions of human rights are sleeping !  
the journey of sacrifice for freedom goes on take a moment and pray for kashmir .  
a toilet less country continously trying to suppress the resistance but have never acknowledged its legitimacy and will never succumb to indian pressure till freedom inshaallah '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .    
on this day in 1947, the indian army invaded and occupied kashmir . every year , kashmiris observe this day as yaum-e-siah (#blackday) to reject the indian occupation of kashmir and revitalise their struggle for self-determination ..  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
ultimate courage is being shown shown by the people of indian occupied kashmir for last 71 years . it's time for muslim ummah to unite and fight for their freedom .   "
see the funerals of our mujahideen brothers and you'll know what want . and so are the years of resilience and resistance . "
years passed yet the same cruel situation in kashmir and still nobody cares . the only thing we can do is pray for the deceased kashmiris and pray that allah gives patience to the families and courage to fight against the cruel forces . '
kashmir is bleeding and humanity is sleeping ... all prayers and love for kashmir  
ohchr revealed that afspa 1990 &amp; public safety act 1978 ,obstructs the normal course of law , impedes accountability and jeopardizes the right to remedy for victims of human rights violations in kashmir .        
*live from where indian forces launch caso and damage operation .*                  
india will be held accountable for what they have done in this valley of beauty , in sha allah . by the will of allah , we'll enter in this valley as a successor and will turn it into the valley of beauty and 'peace'   "
truth cant be suppressed by oppression .  
kashmiris mark 71 st anniversary of black day  
who's india more afraid of ? "
this is sad .  
thousands of pakistanis have rallied across the country to denounce the recent killing of 18 people by indian forces in .  
on october 27 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary .  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful .  
black day for humanity - stop killing innocent souls for your ego satisfaction and to show your mussels  
may allah helps you to keep fighting with enemies for your freedom  
ohchr revealed that afspa 1990 &amp; public safety act 1978 ,obstructs the normal course of law , impedes accountability and jeopardizes the right to remedy for victims of human rights violations in kashmir .        
our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . hum kya chahte ...... aazadi  
    like indirectly using on masses sorrow from my message awareness remove conflict need removing we are under of allah  
pakistan will continue diplomatic , moral and political support to the people of kashmir .  
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
october 27 is the darkest day in the history of jammu and kashmir and the kashmiris living on both sides of the line of control and across the world observe it as black day .  
at least 6,221 ppl received pellet injuries from july 2016 and feb 2017 ,782 of them had eye injuries . as per shrc ,59 females were injured by pellets after being shot inside their homes .! this is terrorism in .  
every year , 27 th october is marked as the day to express solidarity with kashmiris in their just struggle for the right to self-determination and remind the un and world regarding the resolution of this longstanding dispute .  
71 years of brutality 71 years of sacrifices and struggle 71 years of the battle between demon and divine  
prayers for kashmir '
black day for humanity - stop killing innocent souls for your ego satisfaction and to show your mussels  
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri . '
our thoughts , prayers , moral and diplomatic support is for our kashmiri brothers and sisters . hum kya chahte ...... aazadi  
  please rejected ka hi tweet kr do  
pakistan top trends today thanks to pakistani peoples to support us  
kashmiris have rejected indian occupation and kashmiris struggle is the symbol of human quest for freedom .                      
we support and stand with kashmir in their freedom struggle ..freedom is their right ..  
in connection with the observance of kashmir a photographic exhibition was held in washington depicting horrendous human rights violations in indian occupied .  
i am very sad why this world is criminally silent over this massacre in by terrorist forces ? and world is watching silently  
ultimate courage is being shown shown by the people of indian occupied kashmir for last 71 years . it's time for muslim ummah to unite and fight for their freedom .   "
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir . '
71 years of oppression and brutality ... 71 years of sacrifices and struggle ... 71 years of the battle between demon and divine ... '
indian state's barbarity in the indian-occupied kashmir is hugely condemnable . rights of people who have a history of immense sacrifice of life cannot be mutilated for long without any fear of accountability .         "
71 years of oppression and brutality ... 71 years of sacrifices and struggle ... 71 years of the battle between demon and divine ... '
27 oct ultimate courage is being shown shown by the people of indian occupied kashmir for last 71 years . it's time for muslim ummah to unite and fight for their freedom .   "
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir .         '
human rrights abusesin jammu &amp; kashmir , a disputed territory administered byindia , are an ongoing issue . the range from mass killings , forced disappearances , torture , rape and sexualabuseto political repression and suppression of freedom of speech .  
resolution is key to peace prosperity and stability in south asia  
a media investigation claimed that schools and colleges in the iok were closed for nearly 60 per cent of the working days between july 2016 &amp; may 2017 - ohchr                
stop indian voilence in , kashmir will be free from very   in sha allah 27 oct  
are the most resilient people who will never give up to oppression . in sha allah '
government of pakistan .  
the journey of sacrifice for freedom goes on ...  
president on said : we pay homage to the sacrifices of our brethren in occupied &amp; reiterate our unflinching &amp; steadfast moral , diplomatic &amp; political support for the just cause of the people of indian occupied kashmir  
this world and generations to come will remember the struggle of kashmiris for freedom movement of kashmir .  
pm has said would not relent in its moral , political and diplomatic support until the realize their legitimate right to self-determination in accordance with the   security council resolutions . "
stop killing , massacre &amp; genocide of kashmiri people .    
do you agree that people of kashmir should be provided the freedom rights ? '
kashmirbleeds  
kashmirbleeds  
human rights abuses by the indian in jammu &amp; kashmir as  
indian atrocities in occupied kashmir .  
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and . '
jammu kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful .  
kashmir needs peace , freedom lets show it how we will get sooner ia . pakistan stands with kashmiris !  
one of most dangerous weapons used against protesters in iok during the unrest in 2016 was the pellet-firing shotgun . - ohchr                    
one picture worth thousand words about jammu and as  
  _ we remain tragically while we lose one after the other &amp; .'
who will return beloved ones '
27 oct , marks the beginning of biggest genocide of any freedom movement in the human history . we will never forget this massacre  
kashmiris win or die but they will never surrender .  
stop indian voilence in kasmir .  
community shamfull silence on the brutality of india in kashmir  
we salute people of for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality .each people of pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
india is killing innocent kashmiris since last 70 years  
    _ we remain tragically while we lose one after the other &amp; . __               '
kashmir wants freedom . kashmiris wants peace in kashmir .  
71 years of brutality . a fear within the beautiful valley but struggle is unstoppable and courage is more high . whether the evil prevail with power but at the end righteous always wins ..!!! indian occupied kashmir ! '
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality .each people of pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir . '
inshallah kahmir will be free soon from india ..  
kashmiris are soldier . they don't fight to die but to win . they dont feel dignity in death .   "
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
in response to demonstrations that started in july 2016, indian security forces used excessive force that led to unlawful killings .- ohchr                  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices andmiseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
impunity for human rights violations and lack of access to justice are key human rights challenges in the state of jammu &amp; kashmir . - ohchr stand with kashmiris  
the international community must pressurize india to grant right of self determination to kashmiris .                        
and the trending topics rn . breaks my heart '
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir . '
ultimate courage is being shown shown by the people of indian occupied kashmir for last 71 years . it's time for muslim ummah to unite and fight for their freedom .   "
un .... where are u .. see kashmir ... its a thundering slap on the rosey cheeks of aristocracy  
    _ ! we are tragically . '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
the kashmiris are still waiting for their right of self-determination .                        
'
kashmir has been bleeding for over 70 years .the terrorist indian army are killing innocent kashmirs on daily basis . why have the world become stonehearted that they can't see the barbarism   have failed to resolve the dispute .   "
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
woke up to the heart-breaking image of this girl bading final good-bye to her brother in indian occupied kashmir who was brutally killed by ruthless indian forces .  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
the brutality of india in kashmir &amp; as well as on all minorities of india is its peak ...! such a disgusting govt . of india is ...! the real face of brutal india has been revealed to all world ...!!!  
a cordon and search operation (caso) has been launched by government forces at d . k pora village of south district on saturday .   "
, people being slaughtered , and humanity is in the crowd and for clapping up there at stands . extremely heart - broken to see this trend going ! '
love and prayers for kashmir !  
the brutality of india in kashmir is its peak ...! kashmiris &amp; pakistanis are one like one soul ...!  
ohchr has exposed that the laws enforced in kashmir contravene the rights enshrined in the international covenant on civil and political rights .                  
your struggles will be fruitful soon ! labbaik ghazwa e hind occupation forces will be demolished soon '
soon kashmir will be the part of pakistan . in sha allah every pakistani is standby kashmiris '
*bedroom of and the awards citations received by him during the academic and research hours *  
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
your struggles will price fruitful son ! labbaik ghazwa e hind occupation forces will be demolished soon '
on october 27 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary .  
27 oct 1947 (#blackday) ; 72 years of steadfastness and resistances . it's time to forceful implemention of un recommendations bcoz "
india is a beast ..who needs to get out of kashmir .. '
kashmiris on both sides of the loc and the world over will observe black day , it was on this day when indian troops invaded jammu and kashmir and occupied it in total violation of partition plan of the subcontinent and against the kashmiris ' aspirations .   "
pellet shotgun use by law enforcement agencies resulted in multiple deaths and serious injuries of hundreds civilians between 2016 and 2018 -ohchr                
woke up to the heart-wrenching image of this girl bading final good-bye to her brother in indian occupied kashmir who was brutally killed by ruthless indian forces . un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate innocent kashmiris ' sufferings !!   "
difference in human rights situation but iok and azad kashmir            
according to an internet freedoms group , internet services in iok were suspended 32 times in 2017, compared to 10 times in 2016 - ohchr                  
pellet shotgun use by law enforcement agencies resulted in multiple deaths and serious injuries of hundreds civilians between 2016 and 2018 -ohchr                
today marks 71 years of oppressive brutality by onto our brethren , the people of kashmir . we vow to continue our struggle , moral &amp; diplomatic support to bring an end to this unjust bloodbath &amp;genocide which goes against the fabric of civility .  
read more :   kashmiris observe black day to mark illegal indian occupation  
pmik has given a strong message to the kahsmiri bro's on occasion of kashmir black day . pmik said for 7 decades , india 'd occupied j &amp; k in contravention of the unsc resolutions that ordained the holding of a plebiscite to determine the wishes of the kashmiris .   "
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir . '
days-long curfews and communications blockades had a major impact on people and their access to medical care in kashmir - ohchr                    
love , support and prayers from pakistan to our kashmiris . may allah succeed our kashmiris in their efforts .. aameen ya rabul alameen  
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
kashmiris live in constant fear , humiliation and harassment by indian army .  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
i pray for the day when the people of kashmir wake up on the sounds of birds instead of guns '
as the nation unites today to commemorate ,its sad to see controversy doing rounds that an airplane from flew to last wednesday i truly believe its a grand international design to cause internal breakages in on this day '
in occupied kashmir , complete shutdown is being observed today to mark the 27 th october as to convey to the world that the people of kashmir reject indias illegal occupation of jammu and kashmir . '
kashmir needs referendum , let them decide either they are happy with indians or not . at least this will stop the ongoing blood shed by indian army . '
prayers for kashmir !  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
at every martyrdom kashmiris revive their ideology of resistance against occupational forces . chant slogans kashmir bnay ga pakistan  
ohchr said that since the adoption of armed forces special powers act , 1990 in iok , there has not been a single prosecution of armed forces personnel involved in the human rights violations .        
rip your separation is huge loss to the nation  
kashmir : your struggle and sacrifices will be written in golden words . you people have truly proved that janoon se , ishq se milti hy azadi .. may allah bless you all with freedom ! '
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir . '
return if possible dr sb we need you  
we remember the pain , we remember our martyrs . indian atrocities on the beautiful land of must end . lets give peace a chance for once .  
jammat (ijt) holds a stranglehold of fear &amp; terror on the mental growth of students &amp; faculty in punjab university ; they have reduced pakistan \'s historic institution into a "madrassa" - solution is urgently needed ....  
woke up to the heart-wrenching image of this girl bading final good-bye to her brother in indian occupied kashmir who was brutally killed by ruthless indian forces . un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate innocent kashmiris ' sufferings !!   "
    here is the answer for you and ur paid journalists ...!!! at least stop maligning . this country gave you respect and identity more than u deserve . '
pakistan is determined to resolve kashmir dispute in accordance with un resolution .                        
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
latest news thrajjad modi agreed to change his name now he will be given mayor post stop killing innocents in kashmir  
foreign minister of pakistan ,   , in his message on says that we express our full solidarity with our kashmiri brethren who have rendered unmatched sacrifices in their struggle for self-determination .  
a tribute to kashmiri martyrs  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
sister of auqib ahmed sheikh of maakanpora ,kulgam. one of the civilians martyred in laroo kulgam's explosion wailing over her brother's death while the yellow coloured jacket of the slain civilian hangs on window .....   "
we are always in support our kashmiri brothers and sisters . '
pellet shotgun use by law enforcement agencies resulted in multiple deaths and serious injuries of hundreds civilians between 2016 and 2018 -ohchr                
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
27 october 1947 was the day when india sent its armed forces to jammu and kashmir and occupied it . the day when this business of killing , rape and loot was started . and the genocide continues .  
71 years of illegal occupation in paradise kashmir . '
truth is truth only mothers can feel this pain !!  
27 th october is remembered as bcause of forced occupation by india . countless innocent lives have been martyred by indian forces since then . the only solution is resolution of this issue to restore peace in the place that was once called "heaven on earth " '
i pray for the day when the people of wake up on the sounds of birds instead of guns . '
smallest coffins are the heaviest !!! rip azeem justice for azeem  
  plz checkout dis link ...... israel couldn't use airspace of ksa , uae , oman , and check flight pattern . how is that possible ? nobody notice that ...       "
writing words , organizing debates for the past 71 years . '
the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . indian army must stop brutality against innocent students and unarmed people of .    
love and prayers for kashmir !  
27 th october : this is the day when in 1947 india sent its armed forces to jammu &amp; kashmir and occupied it in total violation of independence and partition plan and against the aspirations of the kashmiri people . '
india !!! stop brutality and violence in kashmir . give them their right according to un resolution &amp; let them decide what they want . i salute kashmiri people for their determination , valour &amp; courage against barbaric india  
one of most dangerous weapons used against protesters in iok during the unrest in 2016 was the pellet-firing shotgun . - ohchr                    
october 27 is the darkest day in the history of jammu and kashmir .the day when the evil indian forces landed in this beautiful valley and destroyed their peace .  
is now trending in    
we salute people of kashmir for their undaunted freedom struggle against 71 years of indian brutality . pakistan will continue to support brave people of jammu and kashmir .  
lets all commemorate the sacrifices innocent people of kashmir have been making since 70 odd years ! we stand with you at all times !  
while the world plays politics over the pool of it's blood ."
how does ahsan iqbal know that an israeli plane flew to islamabad ? seems pmln has deep ties with israel like they have with india . pakistan '
on october 27 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary .  
ye hai humry minster am pti supporter and will so on till i live my life . but such news are very alarming for state whom are build by name of islam you should be serious against isreal plane visit rather monk jokes poor reply !!  
    please checkout this link ...... israel couldn't use airspace of ksa , uae , oman , , yemen and check the flight pattern . how is that possible ? nobody notice that ... "
while the international forums continue to ignore the misery of kashmiris . children , women , young , old being killed in cold blood by india , yet   has failed to do anything substantial to bring peace . '
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir '
kashmiris on both sides of the loc and the world over are observing black day today to convey to the world that india has occupied jammu and kashmir against their will and is denying them their inalienable right to self-determination .  
uno have failed to resolve the dispute . kashmir has been bleeding for over 70 years .the terrorist indian army r killing innocent kashmirs on daily basis .why have the world become stone hearted that they can't see the barbarism .? "
kashmir bleeds . gdc toakan observing  
one of most dangerous weapons used against protesters in iok during the unrest in 2016 was the pellet-firing shotgun . - ohchr                    
why justice has made so expensive for ?  
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir . '
love and prayers for kashmir  
for .. don't lose hope we r killing them hindu dogs like dogs ...   "
we the employees of stands together with our brothers and sisters of and requests the to stand for the cause of of peoples of is the biggest on '
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
27 th october is a black day for kashmiris . on this day , india occupied kashmir by using illegal forces which is against the resolutions of united nations . 100,000 + murders . 14,000 + rapes . 10,000 +disappeared. 30,000 + arrested .  
stop '
pakistan rules the world of youth scrabble a clean sweep of the trophies shangrila pakistan wins all six age titles at the junior world scrabble championship at torquay , england junior world champion moiz baig under 18 world champion sohaib sanaullah cont 1 /2  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army .'
71 years of oppression , brutality , sacrifices , struggle and battle between demon and divine would pay off   '
sacrifices will not go waste in kashmir . kashmiris struggle for freedom will succeed one day .                        
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
woke up to the heart-wrenching image of this girl bading final good-bye to her brother in indian occupied kashmir who was brutally killed by ruthless indian forces . un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate innocent kashmiris ' sufferings !!   "
pakistan can't complete without kashmir . one minute video for kashmiries . don't miss .  
indian security forces blatantly used excessive force that led to unlawful killings and a very high number of injuries from year 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr , ,  
soldiers carried the girl to the camp .(#nagaland) a month later her body was found near a bush .half caten by jackals .  
there are countries that take a single soldier's death so serious &amp; take necessary actions . in we've become habitual of ignoring it like nothing happened . cisf jawan killed in terror attack in j &amp;k:   "
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .    
when jamal kashoggi's life matters , why not a kashmiri's life ?     "
atrocities have been well documented in the report of the office of the high commissioner for human rights (ohchr) on and have been corroborated by leading human rights organizations .  
kashmir black day 71 years of occupation . '
  let's take a moment to pay tribute to our real heroes ! they sacrificed their lives for nation kashmir salutes your bravery ! alive in our hearts   "
kashmir - your struggle and sacrifices will be written in golden words . you people have truly proved that janoon se , ishq se milti hy - azadi . may allah bless you all with freedom !  
is a part of .. we always stand with .... in shaa allah '
when would   take a step to get the kashmir issue resolved ? every human life matters '
71 years of oppression and brutality ... 71 years of sacrifices and struggle ... 71 years of the battle between demon and divine ...  
o people of pakistan never loose hope either you admire "shahadat" or remains succeeded "ghazi". we r with u '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
love and prayers for kashmir  
pakistan government and people too observe this day to pay homage to the sacrifices of their brethren in iok and reiterate their unflinching and steadfast moral , diplomatic and political support for the just cause of the people of india-occupied jammu and kashmir .  
are observing against the &amp; occupational forces . the issue should be resolved as under the resolutions passed by   for the sake of in the region as soon .      
long periods of curfews and obstructions by indian forces in 2016 and 2017 had a cumulative impact on students in kashmir - ohchr                  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
on october 27 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary . '
we stand with kashmiri brother on this black day . '
deaths of 1,00000 innocent kashmiris , 7,023 custodial killings , 1,22,771 arrests , 1,05,996 destruction of houses or buildings , 22,776 women widowed , 1,07,466 children orphaned and 10,086 women gang-raped /molested.  
we will continue our strive until we get freedom . when you will open your mouth ? when you will demand the independence of        
27 october 1947 is the darkest day of human history , when india occupied kashmir . '
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
do the difficult times , would stand behind , include murder , war and encircling ? '
71 years of oppression and brutality ... 71 years of sacrifices and struggle ... 71 years of the battle between demon and divine ...  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
prime minister , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a commission of inquiry to investigate abuses by occupation forces .  
today , 71 years ago , invaded kashmir . 71 years of human rights violation in by       '
indian security forces blatantly used excessive force that led to unlawful killings and a very high number of injuries from year 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr              
our team launched this ht  
enough is enough . should act sensibly at least on humanitarian grounds . is also part of this so called world's biggest democracy , where people are not allowed to express their opinions . world must wake up to stop this brutality .   "
indian terrorist army just converting heaven into hell .      
in connection with the observance of kashmir , a photographic exhibition was held in washington depicting horrendous human rights violations in indian occupied kashmir .  
in connection with the observance of kashmir , a photographic exhibition was held in washington depicting horrendous human rights violations in indian occupied kashmir .  
indian terrorism on are question mark on performance of   .    
in innocent murdered by everyday .  
ohchr exposed that indian forces caused deaths &amp; injuries to protesting kashmiris from pellet shotguns , bullets , tear gas shells .                    
27 october is the darkest day in the history of jammu and kashmir and the kashmiris living on both sides of the line of control and across the world observe it as black day .  
in trying to make indian sub-continent into one country after 1947, large no of people have been killed by indian security forces in dissenting regions . given special powers , indian forces are criminalised , committing unspeakable atrocities . '
the people of jammu and kashmir have been granted the right of self-determination under the un charter , and under several un security council resolutions , more specifically under un (uncip) resolution of august 13, 1948, and january 5, 1949 .  
where are human rights organisations . or you think kashmiries are not human . international community comunity should make sure that action shall be taken against indian arm forces .  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
  told would stand behind in difficult times ... difficult times like war and encircling ??? '
go india go back '
                        omg   changed his account to    
we have to work hard on our foreign policies , that is reflecting our narrative on kashmir . every human being has the right to live their lives , kashmiris must be given their basic right .'
totally appreciate the effort by   for publishing series of articles throughout today's paper in accordance with      
the people of are passing through the darkest period of their history . we need your support , to end repression in the indian occupied  
70 years of human rights violation in kashmir by india . go india go '
is for . the day when occupied forces of airlifted in valley . we want our right of plebiscite according to the   resolutions . we want freedom . is our final destination .  
thousands of kashmiris have been martyred by the indian forces .                        
october 27 is the darkest day in the history of jammu and kashmir and the kashmiris living on both sides of the line of control and across the world observe it as black day .  
we stand with kashmir  
kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful .  
has delivered the award to asma jahangir after her death . unfortunately , many kashmirs are sacrificed their lives to fight and win their freedom and they were never been rewarded to any awards . '
today is 27 th of october , remembered as the black day in pakistan &amp; indian occupied kashmir . its a protest against the time when india had forcibly taken over the land by airlifting its forces to sirinagar .  
freedom is the right of kashmiris , indian brutality 'unacceptable': pm   "
very shameful silence of un and all other human rights organization on the brutality of indian forces '
love and prayers for kashmir !            
kashmir is bleeding and humanity is sleeping ... all prayers and love for kashmir  
there are instances of genocide , ethnic cleansing and war crimes being committed by in . in 1947, the maharaja of kashmir , indian national army and rss extremists massacred 250,000 . '
  love and prayers for kashmir !  
as per recent report of ohchr , the notorious public safety act has been widely used by the authorities in j &amp;k to stifle dissent .                    
kashmiris live in constant fear , humiliation and harassment by indian army .  
in rights to education , health , and freedom of expression have been trampled . thousands of political leaders and activists are under detention and are being tortured . forced disappearances and fake encounters are rampant . '
1 kanal files affi :32.90 lac allo :call for rate call +923224929992 is authorized dealer  
every person even indians should condemn indian forces atrocities on kashmiries in indian held kashmir . indian forces are cruel and they are committing crimes against humanity '
  told would stand behind in difficult times ... difficult times like war and encircling ??? '
every day is a until kashmir is free . dozens of my brothers in kashmir laid their lives to get rid of decades old military occupation in valley . may god be saviour of freedom fighters ameen . '
india continues to violate un security council resolutions and obstructs its decisions . instead , it chooses to subject kashmiris to state-terrorism to perpetuate its occupation . it has not succeeded in doing that . '
human without human rights .  
kashmir issue should be resolved according to the wishes of people of kashmir '
kashmiris on both sides of the line of control and the world over observed black day , today , to convey the message to the world that they reject indias illegal occupation of their motherland and will continue their struggle till complete freedom from indian yoke .  
today , the people of jammu and kashmir are observing the black day . seventy-one years ago , on october 27, 1947, india through an armed invasion and aggression occupied part of the state of jammu and kashmir .  
days-long curfews and communications blockades had a major impact on people and their access to medical care in kashmir - ohchr                    
- all prayers and love for kashmiris .  
go india go , we want freedom ...  
27 th october is remembered as bcause of forced occupation by india countless innocent lives have been martyred by indian forces since then .the only solution is resolution of this issue to restore peace in the place that was once called "heaven on earth "  
we pakistani today observing black day in pakistan , indian occupied kashmir &amp; around the globe . its a protest against the time when india and its coward army had forcibly taken over the land by airlifting its forces to srinagar . '
protest is when i say i don't like this . resistance is when i put an end to what i don't like . protest is when i say i refuse to go along with this anymore . resistance is when i make sure everybody else stops going along too .   "
pakistan will continue supporting the cause of freedom of kashmir on all diplomatic and international forums .          
the journey of sacrifice for freedom goes on take a moment and pray for kashmir .  
kashmir - how india turned heaven into hell  
kashmir want justice    
there were numerous reports of attacks on , and obstruction of , basic medical services that had a severe impact on the injured and general civilian population in iok from 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr        
      must be declared a terrorist state who had been killing , disabling , rapping , destroying current &amp; future of innocent since decades . wants self &amp; in this 21 st century . '
today is 27 th of october , remembered as the black day in pakistan &amp; indian occupied kashmir . its a protest against the time when india had forcibly taken over the land by airlifting its forces to sirinagar .  
the worlds conscience is put to sleep by the profits from indian market . they would rather earn from selling the indians more lethal weapons to kill more kashmiris , unhindeted .'
freedom is the basic but millions of have been occupied and more than 100 k are killed by army since 1947 .but are failed to give them basic right according to their resolutions  
&amp; world sleep why the world is keeping it's eyes close on such an volcano burning issue of "
in connection with the observance of kashmir , a photographic exhibition was held in washington depicting horrendous human rights violations in indian occupied kashmir .  
ppl have have sacrificed enough its demand of time to take a practical step towards their freedom . we should not forget that they are wrapping funeral of their beloved ones in flag .   "
impunity for human rights violations and lack of access to justice are key human rights challenges in the state of jammu &amp; kashmir . - ohchr                  
: some glimps of today's protest against indian atrocities in occupied .   "
freedom is birth right of every individual  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
in occupied kashmir , complete shutdown is being observed today to mark the 27 th october as to convey to the world that the people of kashmir reject indias illegal occupation of jammu and kashmir .  
whom you chose for pm in 2019 ?                   '
how will be able to assure of its neutrality in mediation efforts with ? '
save kashmir save humanity , indian occupation of kashmir is a travesty of international law .                        
the nation stands shoulder to shoulder with our brethren in their fight for self determination ... must take action against illegal indian occupation .  
u n must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir .... '
  &amp;   have to stop the violations of as per by &amp; forces in who r brutally killing &amp; disabling the children ,women &amp; aged innocent citizens &amp; raping . here is solution   '
yess government of pakistan  
27 th october is remembered as because of compelled profession with the aid of india . endless innocent lives had been martyred through indian forces on the grounds that then un must take action to restore peace in kashmir with the will of kashmiri's "
how can you kill a resilient enemy , who looks into the barrel of your gun &amp; asks for jannah ? freedom is the fate of kill one &amp; you'll find ten more freedom fighters   "
when world powers would realise ?  
we stand with kashmiri freedom movement ... kashmir bany ga pakistan '
even in the neighborhood , is unable to mediate between &amp; , what influence it has on or whom we recently got $6 billions "unconditionally"? '
ohchr has exposed that the laws enforced in kashmir contravene the rights enshrined in the international covenant on civil and political rights .                  
kashmiri are brutally killed by indian forces  
while   sleeps .  
these are so called "terrorists" from which indian army is fighting from 71 years .  
in occupied kashmir , complete shutdown is being observed today to mark the 27 th october as to convey to the world that the people of kashmir reject indias illegal occupation of jammu and kashmir .  
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
how long   would take to solve this long outstanding problem of human rights violations in .  
people touching the feet of martyr . we always condem the illegal occupation , we condem their killing of innocents and disturbing peace in on this particular day shiekh abdullah invited them . its holocaust '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .    
kashmir - how india turned heaven into hell  
root cause of problem in is monolithic demography &amp; absence of cultural diversity '
  how long ?!'
kashmir - how india turned heaven into hell  
the indian armed intervention in the state of jammu and kashmir is illegal and is against the wishes of the kashmiri people . '
which intl . law allow to occupy and oppress an entire nation on gun point .? atrocities and violation of humen rights are continue in by indian occupied forces . '
today is 27 th of october , remembered as the black day in pakistan and indian occupied kashmir . its a protest against the time when india had forcibly taken over the land by airlifting its forces to sirinagar .  
indian security forces blatantly used excessive force that led to unlawful killings and a very high number of injuries from year 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr              
this picture reminds me of my dear mamu jaan who went to kashmir as a mujahid and was just like these all but never returned . we have sacrificed our loved ones for kashmir !! have the heart of lions !! will not let endia keep it forever in its dirty filthy hands  
71 years have passed kashmiris are fighting for their independence , humanitarian &amp; fundamental rights . they fight against brutality every single day , summing up their efforts in a tweet is impossible . salute &amp; prayers for success of their cause . '
27 october - black day , the day when india forcibly taken over the kashmir . '
will not be forgotten it will be fully recovered ...wait for it india '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
people touching the feet of martyr . we always condem the illegal occupation , we condem their killing of innocents and disturbing peace in on this particular day shiekh abdullah invited them . its holocaust  
same old story . '
: complete shutdown being observed today to mark to convey to world that the kashmiris reject indias illegal occupation of jammu &amp; kashmir   , , '
has miserably failed in resolving this disputed issue and has not raised their voice on the atrocities in kashmir by india .  
a unfortunate day in the history of kashmir which turned millions of people life into hell . burning paradise on earth  
how long it 'll take more you to understand is not yours . how long you ll silent innocent freedom fighter souls . get out of and let them a peaceful life . "
ohchr exposed that indian forces caused deaths &amp; injuries to protesting kashmiris from pellet shotguns , bullets , tear gas shells .                    
kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful .  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
27 october , the day to remind the world about the state terrorism of india in kashmir . kashmiris are standing infront of indian army and offering their chests to their bullets . in sha allah kashmir shall succeed in their cause '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
kashmiris are like sweetest people in the world but also toughest . india is gonna go crazy one day ...because we wont stop fighting . '
pakistan must support kashmir in all axis that's include militarily pressure too then come to next step of dialogues .. india must bleed !!         "
    it's my humble request to all my friends please support us promote this hashtag                   "
one men army  
  look this senselessnes ! here kashmiri sufferers by forces in their presence here every sec passes like prisoners while there evil steps is on our holyland . this is not an issue between &amp; but it's our matter get lost from here "
i just can't understand why we idealise terrorist endian nation !!!! why our hearts are dead !! why can't we see the pain of kashmiris !!! why these celebs don't speak for kashmir !! bcz they are blind !!! and so are those who follow them !!!   "
the day to remind the world about the state terrorism of india in kashmir .kashmiris are standing infront of indian army and offering their chests to their bullets . in sha allah kashmir will be free soon from these state terrorists '
you cant suppress our voice  
pakistan needs to increase india's cost of occupation only then they will come for dialogues       "
on 27 october 1947, indian troops landed inkashmirand never go back then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary . but here is why thedayis observed as black day every year inkashmir  
pakistan is determined to resolve kashmir dispute in accordance with un resolution .                        
27 th october 2018 . source = dawn news 2018 . ministry of information &amp; broadcasting , government of pakistan . '
there were over 30,000 widows in kashmir .the indian army themselves have admitted that they used their extraordinary powers to shoot have led to mistakes , so these so-called mistakeswhich kill innocent civilians create a rage among the public in iok  
support , raise your voice lets protest against inhumanity of cruel  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
in shaa allah kashmir bany ga pakistan dear kashmiri's brother and sister's we are with you "
hindustan in her utter desperation has launched a demographic war in indian occupied kashmir      
this is the reason we call our an occupied kashmir  
let the world hear your voice  
indian forces keep murdering innocent kashmiris , raping their women , blinding their youths ... and the world just keeps watching like silent spectators ...where is   ,   ??  
dr . sabzar ahmed sofi ? msc frm burkhatulla university . m .phil frm jivagee university . was perusing phd in botany frm jamia university . also qualified net &amp; jrf exams . oh , how many more mother's wl loose scholar son's to see sun of freedom .   "
the when india illegally captured kashmir  
it's time to destroy this evil empire ... kashmir will be taken by sword ....       "
we must protest to save innocent kashmiris from the tyrannical oppression of indian forces . it is our duty to raise our voices for these people .  
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
human rights defenders who have tried to bring international attention to the hr situation in iok have faced reprisals . ohchr                    
the muslims of the whole world should united to force india to leave kashmir '
team , 27 oct is observed as black day in kashmir owing to indian aggression and atrocities in iok .  
india has no moral , constitutional right to celebrate its republic day in kashmir . because kashmir is not india . and how one can celebrate republic day in other's home .   "
we will fight until our red becomes green !  
injustice and inhumanity are the another words of indian occupied kashmir      
we pakistani , strongly condemn indian brutalities in iok &amp; stands shoulder to shoulder with our kashmiri brothers in their fight for self-determination .     '
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
you don't need to be muslim to stand up for , you just need to be human   "
i strongly condemn the violation by indian armed forces in jammu &amp; kashmir . i pay my tribute to all the martyrs of the freedom struggle . the sacrifices &amp; miseries of the people of indian occupied kashmir will not go in vain . '
the story of brutality has never been highlighted by international media and the indian media as well . nevertheless ,   has miserably failed in resolving this disputed issue and has not raised their voice on the atrocities in kashmir by india .  
i think eyes of uno and unhrc are effected by pellet guns b /c they can't see indian bullshit in kashmir   "
this current round of protests appears to involve more people than the past , and the profile of protesters has also shifted to include more young , middle-class kashmiris , including females - ohchr .        
ohchr has reported that the hr violations in kashmir include torture ,custodial deaths ,rape, enforced disappearances &amp; extrajudicial executions by indian forces .              
woke up to the heart-wrenching image of this girl bading final good-bye to her brother in indian occupied kashmir who was brutally killed by ruthless indian forces . un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate innocent kashmiris ' sufferings !!   "
world should take stand and do something to restore peace in kashmir  
on 27 th of october , 1947, the government of india alleged that the ruler had acceded to india illegally sent its forces into the state and occupied a large part of jammu and kashmir .  
kashmir will be liberated , god willing , over the ashes of a disintegrated india ...      
lets unite and stand with kashmir for their rights &amp; freedom .    
kashmirs aesthetic views have always been regarded as the piece of heaven on earth but its a bitter truth that despite having a beautiful piece of land the natives of kashmir had never seen serenity on their land because of interference of india .  
our every day is till the freedom of kashmir . salute to the struggle of peoples . we always with them against india's brutality . "
india may have blinded them with pellet guns .. but they still have the visions to see what they deserve .. freedom !  
india the real terrorist of this region  
kashmiri people have suffered so much . the world powers who were so quick to "save" iraq , syria etc seems to be absolutely blind over matter . '
ohchr has exposed that the laws enforced in kashmir contravene the rights enshrined in the international covenant on civil and political rights .                  
every day under cruel occupation is  
freedom is basic right of kashmiris .   should make concrete step for kashmiris because they are facing verse form of violance and torture by occupational forces .  
kashmiris are persecuted from day one to the extent that demand freedom since 1947      
when a man is denied the right to live the life he believes in , he has no choice but to become an outlaw . nelson mandela '
27 october , a of human history . india occupied the heaven of world # kashmir . kashmiris are our brothers and sisters and we are always standing with them .  
we residents of gilgit baltistan are fully supporting kashmiris in their historic freedom struggle . '
27 october ia the black day in the history of kashmir ..we strongly challange the human rights violation in kashmir .. '
kashmir belongs to kasmiris   let us speak for their rights .  
india had landed its armed military troops in srinagar illegally on this day 71 years ago .  
evry day is black day in kashmir ! '
kashmir issue is not only on land , but it is also the issue of illegal occupation of humans and violations of the kashmiris political , ideological and basic rights   '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
black day  
we stand with kashmiri brother on this black day . '
      alas ! killers of kashmiris are being awarded . '
kashmir has seen brutal face of india through 7 decades and india has shown uniformity in brutallities and attrocities . '
since the start of ongoing uprising in kashmir , thousands of young freedom-seekers have been brutally tortured and extra-judicially killed during forced disappearances or illegal custody by the indian forces  
pakistan and it's people have always stayed and stood with kashmir . "
disintegration of india is inevitable . its only a matter of when and not if . kashmir will be the starting point ia ..      
kashmiris have sacrificed countless lives in hopes to restore their freedom .. it is time to take stand and restore peace to kashmir ..      
pakistan has to give a straight forward message to india that they have to stop this nonsense . '
your love for the flag in green will never be forget by people of pakistan  
iran leads in supporting kashmir  
face of the world largest democracy ....  
we request un to take evasive actions in favor of kashmir against india as things are going out of control in kashmir . '
people of kashmir are waiting for   's take to arrange a resolution for kashmir .   "
kashmir will be pakistan inshallah  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .    
today is black day in kashmir , we all should also participate in it . '
on october 27 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary .  
we are with you kashmir our prayers are with you in shaa allah fatah ap ki hy  
india had landed its armed military troops in srinagar illegally on this day 71 years ago .  
on the night of 23 february 1991, soldiers from the 4 rajputana rifles regiment of indian army gang-raped around 23 women of kunan &amp; poshpora villages of kupwara district - ohchr .          
now whole kashmir is teaching indian army that what is operation azadi  
foreign minister of pakistan , shah mehmood qureshi , in his message on says that we express our full solidarity with our kashmiri brethren who have rendered unmatched sacrifices in their struggle for self-determination .  
    kashmir black day observed in mashad iran  
  gen r pelting stons in response of bullets . just imagine what wil happen when they wil fire bullets in response of bullets ?then wl never find anywhere ,therefore to avoid that situation leave the as soon '
there has to be a mechanism through which the matter of kashmir dispute could be perused and brought to a logical conclusion in a peaceful way and without losing lives of innocent people .  
27 oct ,1947 was that when indian forces illegally entered kashmir and the era of worst oppression and brutality was started in kashmir . '
  must take action against brutal india &amp; '
this is what youth of kashmir want ! .  
every year the people in this divided region mark october 27 as a "black day " to protest the decades-old "indian military occupation ".  
international community must intervene to resolve kashmir dispute peacefully .  
this utter sense of shame that india has lost kashmir after using all brutal force have now made them psychologically retarded towards muslims      
india won't succeed .   "
kashmir is bleeding  
kashmir has sacrificed thousands of sons in their struggle for freedom .  
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir .       '
now the kashmiri protestors in occupied kashmir have increased manifold against the indian occupation .  
        are you sleeping ?  
kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful .  
kashmir aik jannat hai aur jannat na kabhi kisi kafir ko mili hai na mile gi inshallah freedom will sway and ring throughout the valleys of heaven on earth very soon . '
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir . '
: india getout from kashmir '
a few news items or video clips appearing now and then on social media are hardly able to divulge the intensity of atrocities being inflicted by the indian forces on kashmiris .  
once indian home minister says india is losing kashmir .... wrong ...india has already lost it ...it just occupies it through brute force ..      
10 killed in 3 days by dear                 please sleep well ... '
27 th october is remembered as bcause of forced occupation by india . countless innocent lives have been martyred by indian forces since then . the only solution is resolution of this issue to restore peace in the place that was once called "heaven on earth "  
we want justice . kashmir deserves justice . this day reminds us of the fact that kashmir was taken by india through improper and illegal way .  
  why international communities are sleeping  
ohchr said that since the adoption of armed forces special powers act , 1990 in iok , there has not been a single prosecution of armed forces personnel involved in the human rights violations .        
sister of uzair who was martyred in kulgam massacre is showing student id card of uzair . no one can imagine the pain and sorrow a sister feels on her brothers killing . kashmiris have been facing ths sorrow since long .   take notice of ths brutal killing  
every year the people in this divided region mark october 27 as a "black day " to protest the decades-old "indian military occupation ".  
un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate the sufferings of innocent kashmiris .  
pakistan is really thankful to our friend iran for supporting our oppressed kashmiris by occupied indian forces      
world must not sleep blind . kashmir is bleeding . '
international community "talks" about justice and human rights but when it comes to implementing them .. they step back ..  
kashmiris have sacrificed countless lives in hopes to restore their freedom .. it is time to take stand and restore peace to kashmir ..      
kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful .  
last glimps .sister touching the face of maryterd brother . woe to those who took our beloved from us .  
human rights violation im kashmir  
protest against indian occupation let the world hear your voice .  
take action        
india easily forgets its own history under british rule .  
our kashmir black day advertisement will be hoisting in big billboard in mashhad for next 10 days      
pti muzaffarabad ajk fight during minister kashmir affirs speech   via   '
pakistan always stands with kashmiris .'
international community is worried about climate changes but silent on agony of kashmiris .  
pakistan &amp; kashmir mark 27 th october as black day this is the day when in 1947 india sent its armed forces to jammu &amp; kashmir and ocupied it in total violation of independence and partition plan and against the aspirations of the kashmiri people .we r with kashmir . '
all the international community must join hands and save kashmir .  
we support and stand with kashmir in their freedom struggle ..freedom is their right ..  
kashmir has been suffering for 7 decades since forced occupation by indian forces ..  
from 27 october to 5 th november kashmir black day will be displayed on electronic screen at mashhad , iran      
picture depicting how much india have control over kashmir &amp; how indian army suppress voice of freedom .  
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army . we continue to live the repercussions of the day that gave birth to this conflict ,"  
help to kashmiries . '
kashmir is an integral part of pakistan . '
with such a pathetic economic situation , is really worth handling it's nuclear arsenal ? on what basis   was threatening india with 10 surgical strikes ?   "
  a movie that was screened this year on 5 th feb at mashhad on extreme human rights violation in indian occupied kashmir is now released nation wide in iran on 23 rd october at 2030 hrs on iranian tv channel for kashmir black day  
rather than tweeting on and mourning on social media and television , i wish the authorities should seriously think about something practical for the freedom and peace of '
there were numerous reports of attacks on , and obstruction of , basic medical services that had a severe impact on the injured and general civilian population in iok from 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr        
seventy years ago on friday , indian forces landed in the himalayan region sparking decades of deadly violence .  
it is an undeniable fact that pakistan has always supported the kashmiris just struggle and never betrayed the trust reposed in it by them .'
seventy one year ago on friday 27 th oct 1947 forces landed in sparking decades of deadly    
      indian state will never stop its countless atrocities until the last candle of humanity is snuffed out . in fact , their ulterior motive is to turn the valley into death ground . we demand world to summon india before its too late .      
kashmir issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , and friendliness '
a day of invasion and occupation of jammu and kashmir by indian occupational forces . '
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 '
it has probably been a week now , mornings here start with the news of killings . '
the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . '
they are being targeted by chemical weapons .@un   they are humans and they are facing verse form of human rights violation by occupational forces . where are all human rights organisations ? they need support from you .  
pkkh blog | the valley of tears | by hannan malik they cannot go to their businesses , schools or anywhere due to the curfew imposed by the state .there people are living with fear every day and night -   via   '
its not a . its red day as '
where is now . the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful . where are to control the terror and raise voices against it '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir . '
27 october will remain black day until independence of kashmir . '
lets unite and stand with kashmir for their rights &amp; freedom .  
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
deaths of 1,00000 innocent kashmiris , 7,023 custodial killings , 1,22,771 arrests , 1,05,996 destruction of houses or buildings , 22,776 women widowed , 1,07,466 children orphaned and 10,086 women gang-raped /molested.  
kashmir black day  
human rights voilations in kashmir must stop .  
kashmir will be free from india very soon inshallah under the leadership of sir imran khan ...  
is on fire from many decades don't know when   will break out it's shameless silence on genocide in there are thousand untold stories of indian brutality nobody know about them . "
is a day when illegally occupied kashmir , since that day .it is time that   must act to resolve the issue and to avoid more human rights violations .  
grab your keyboards and joins us .'
truth cant be suppressed by oppression .  
we pay homage to the sacrifices of our brethren in occupied kashmir &amp; reiterate our unflinching &amp; steadfast moral , diplomatic &amp; political support for the just cause of the people of indian occupied jammu &amp; kashmir . '
it has been manifested in brutal tactics like crackdowns ,illegal detentions , massacre , targeted killings , sieges , burning the houses , torture , disappearances , rape , breaking the legs , molestation of muslim women and killing of persons through fake encounter .  
indian occupational force are using pallet guns and chemical weapons . use of chemical weapons and pallet guns are verse form of violation of   human rights protocol .  
kashmir is a clear evidence of indian artocities .  
and international community must take actions against indian atrocities in '
despite stiff resistance of indians , mashhad has managed to publish an advertisement in daily newspaper quds khorsan regarding kashmir black day      
where is un ??'
the objective of the observance of the black day is to make it clear to new delhi that the kashmiris reject its illegal occupation of their soil and that they will continue their struggle till it grants them their inalienable right to self-determination .  
we salute the efforts of iran (mashad) people to stand with truth  
the bloodbath was intended to change the demographic composition of the territory to turn the results in favour of india in any referendum in the future .  
the indian allegations against pakistan are a ploy to mislead the international community and to create a smokescreen behind which they can continue repression in ihk .  
  &amp;   seems totally fail to stop atrocities of indian forces in kashmir , why   chief   is silent ? why international community is not playing its role to resolve kashmir issue ? '
kashmir freedom struggle is at climax in the curfew-clamped occupied kashmir valley since past over 2 years after martyrdom of young freedom loving kashmiri burhan muzaffar wani by indian troops on july 8 in 2016 .  
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir . '
international community must take action against the indian armed force &amp; they have to resolve kashmir dispute . '
justice for kashmir .  
    mashhad has published an advertisement of indian atrocities in pakistan \'s kashmir in daily newspaper "quds khorsan " which is the most popular newspaper in khorsan region  
ohchr report mentioned the incident of indian forces high handedness when a kashmiri man was seen strapped to the front of a moving indian army jeep .                
black day : remembering indian atrocities in kashmir  
alas ! kashmir is a land where live human beings without human rights .  
so far , more than 100,000 kashmiri people have been killed in a reign of terror and repression unleashed by over 700,000 indian troops . many more languish in indian jails where they are subjected to torture and custodial deaths . '
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces . '
joins us now ....'
27 th october is remembered as bcause of forced occupation by india . countless innocent lives have been martyred by indian forces since then . the only solution is resolution of this issue to restore peace in the place that was once called "heaven on earth "  
indian atrocities in kashmir must be notice by peacekeeping org as now limit is being crossed '
indian occupational forces are targeting youth of kashmiris . it comes under genocide .   must take action .  
our moral support with kashmir and its people . allah almighty will help u for your freedom . '
message of federal minister for information , broadcasting   on "kashmir ". , , ,  
it is an undeniable fact that pakistan has always supported the kashmiris just struggle and never betrayed the trust reposed in it by them . '
we stand in solidarity with kashmir . 27 th october commemorates the struggle &amp; hardships faced by kashmir .  
thousands of pakistanis have rallied across the country to denounce the recent killing of 18 people by indian forces in .  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
a tight slap for those indian who say is an integral part of india (now k /as rapistan ) 27 october  
kashmir black day observed in mashad iran .  
black day ' in kashmir marks 1947 indian army arrival ... raise your voice against indian security forces   "
a tight slap for those indian who say is an integral part of india (now k /as rapistan ) 27 october  
nevertheless , various forms of state terrorism have been part of a deliberate campaign by the indian army and paramilitary forces against muslim kashmiris , especially since 1989 .  
they organized themselves against the injustices of india and launched a war of liberation which new delhi tried to crush through various forms of brutalities  
kashmiris are facing violations of basic human rights since long time .   must take action against brutal india .  
international community must take action against the indian armed force &amp; they have to resolve kashmir dispute .  
pakistan has always raised voice against indian forced occupation and brutality in kashmir and it will continue extending full political , diplomatic and moral support to legitimate kashmir struggle .  
today is 27 th of october , remembered as the black day in pakistan and indian occupied kashmir . its a protest against the time when india had forcibly taken over the land by airlifting its forces to sirinagar .  
in order to find an early and just solution to the decades old kashmir dispute , pakistan has always urged the international community to play an active role  
kashmiris celebrating 27 th october as a against violation of law and partition plan by india . '
"you go to any home , and they tell you a story how their brother , son , and husband was killed and how they continue to face the atrocities of the army but we continue to live . said a kashmiri .  
ohchr has reported that the hr violations in kashmir include torture ,custodial deaths ,rape, enforced disappearances &amp; extrajudicial executions by indian forces .                
kashmiris are protesting for freedom and we all are with him &amp; everyone knows that they are '
kashmiris deserve peace and freedom but they will not get it under brutal indian rule ..  
india has committed a genocide of kashmiri muslims to quell their uprising .  
subsequent un resolutions have affirmed that , the question of accession of the state of jammu and kashmir to india or pakistan will be decided through the political democratic method of free and impartial plebiscite  
it is notable that since 1947, in order to maintain its illegal control , india has continued its exploitative regime in the occupied kashmir through various machinations .  
we re-affirm our commitment and support to kashmiris in their just struggle for freedom .  
the people of kashmir revolted against the indian move .  
during the last 28 yrs ,the trigger-happy forces have martyred over ninety-four thousand kashmiris , widowed nearly twenty-three thousand women , orphaned not less than one hundred thousand children and molested or gang-raped more than eleven thousand kashmiri women .  
everything is already red , how much blood more to shed ?  
"the is our love every detail . forever ." 37 -10 maulana shaukat ali rd , sector b1 block 10 township lhr . 03234494488, 03214161809 . .  
table talk is only solution of kashmir dispute .   should resolve the matter by using all means .  
prime minister imran khan , in his message on , has called for immediate implementation of the recommendation to set up a un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian occupation forces .  
india had landed her armed military troops in srinagar on this day 71 years ago .  
demilitarisation of the state &amp; a free &amp; impartial plebiscite to be conducted under d supervision of the world body '
indian successive governments are trying to ignore the dynamics of the freedom movement of kashmiris for the sake of their alien rule .  
the un and international community also need to recognise this inescapable reality .  
history is a witness to the fact that no people can be kept under subjugation against their will for long  
amnesty international has also pointed out grave human rights violations in the indian controlled kashmir , indicating , the muslim majority population in the kashmir valley suffers from the repressive tactics of the security forces .  
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir . '
indian state terrorism cannot subdue the freedom loving kashmiris .  
india has been ruthlessly using its military might to suppress the freedom struggle  
kashmiris on both sides of the line of control and the world over observed black day , today , to convey the message to the world that they reject indias illegal occupation of their motherland and will continue their struggle till complete freedom from indian yoke .  
disappearance of thousands of kashmiris is a testimony to the deteriorating human rights situation in kashmir .                      
the people of jammu and kashmir have been granted the right of self-determination under the un charter , and under several un security council resolutions , more specifically under un (uncip) resolution of august 13, 1948, and january 5, 1949 .  
kashmir the case for freedom .  
occupation of any land is illegal . without the consent of populace of a territory no country can annex it with its land . will always stand with the oppressed . '
they are making sacrifices for freedom . it's their basic human right .   should do all possible measure for freedom of kashmir .   "
by observing 27 october every year as black day , the kashmiris all over the world remind themselves of the day when their freedom was treacherously seized by the indian occupation forces in 1947 .  
indian occupation of jamu &amp; kashmir state since ths day of october 27,1947 .the day is obsrvd as blck day evry year to mark extreme resntmnt &amp; indignation ovr the continued unlawfl &amp; forcible occupation of bulk of jamu kashmir state by the indian tyrannical forces .  
indians will not be able to suppress the kashmiri movement through the use of force , and it will be in the interest of india to honour its own commitment made at the un .  
it's time un must come forward and implement its resolution on jammu and kashmir "
every day every time but are you sleep       why ??  
overtly indigenous struggle led by the kashmiri youth has shaken india and appealed to international conscience .  
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir . '
today india betrayed pakistan (kashmiris) and illegally occupied our land    
live in constant fear , humiliation and hasrrasment by indian army '
27 october black day of kashmir history . kashmiris have been protesting for their basic rights and freedom since long time . it 's   responsibility to make arrangements for kashmiris rights according to resolutions passed by un .   "
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
several kashmiri political parties have joined hands to form all parties hurriyat conference (aphc) to steer the political struggle for self-determination .  
the determination of the kashmiris in the face of indian atrocities is unflinching , and increases with every passing day .  
  . maxwell malik sarfraz shaheen afridi hafeez fakhar  
many human rights organizations including amnesty international in their reports have mentioned the sufferings of kashmiris at the hands of indian forces .  
kashmir dispute must be resolved according to resolutions of   '
there are dungeons in the city where hundreds of young men were kept in heavy chains and from where many never emerged alive , there were multitudes of dead bodies on the roads , in hospital beds ..... "kashmir"  
the world fails to see all this suffering and brutality ..    
resistance against cruelty is in the blood of kashmiris . they fight with courage for freedom .  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir . we stand with kashmir  
as per recent report of ohchr , the notorious public safety act has been widely used by the authorities in j &amp;k to stifle dissent .                    
kashmir was and will always be part of pakistan ...you can never suppress kashmiri voice india ... and pakistan will always be on kashmiris side !  
kashmir - how india turned heaven into hell  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
and feeling belongs to humans . then what's about &amp; kashmiries people ,their rights &amp; their feelings ??   "
dear mother , don't stand at my grave nd weep , i m not there , i'm in gentle shower of rain , i'm one of the birds that sing , i'm in each n every lovely thing . do not stand at my grave and cry , i'm not there ,'i did not die ' '' i 'm shaheed '' ~   "
27 th oct is the remembrance of the innocent kashmiris killings '
protest against indian occupation let the world hear your voice .  
india illegally occupied our kashmir on this day in 1947 and we still not able to take it back ...  
a comprehensive documentary in persian language on indian atrocities in kashmir has been spread in the social media of mashad iran '
un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate the sufferings of innocent kashmir .  
  must step in and resolve this issue as soon as possible to put an end to all this suffering ..  
ohchr has reported that the hr violations in kashmir include torture ,custodial deaths ,rape, enforced disappearances &amp; extrajudicial executions by indian forces .         '
this is indian army way of handling un-armed innocent kashmiris ! you will pay for all of your crimes soon ...india  
kashmir bleeds , humanity sleeps  
international community must intervene to resolve kashmir dispute peacefully .  
- 'black day ' in marks 1947 indian army arrival !! seventy one years ago on friday , indian forces landed in the himalayan region sparking decades of deadly violence , giving rise to one of the world's deadliest disputes .   "
today is 27 th of october , remembered as the black day in pakistan and indian occupied kashmir . its a protest against the time when india had forcibly taken over the land by airlifting its forces to sirinagar .  
protest against indian occupation let the world hear your voice .  
all the men on world are free except kashmiris and palestinians . they are protesting for freedom . keep your voice along with them .  
india is killing kashmiris and hiding his crimes with full impunity . we are raising voice against this brutal occupation .  
un must implement its resolution on kashmir to mitigate the sufferings of innocent kashmiris .  
kashmir is the case of . freedom pakistan wanted india to resolve kashmir issue as soon as possible  
the huge indian occupational forces under the cover of armed forces special protection act (afspa) and other black laws frequently engage in religious cleansing of muslims .  
today is the day when the evil indian forces landed in kashmir and destroyed their peace ..  
- everyday innocent kashmiris are being butchered by india .  
salute to their courage ..  
let the world to hear the voice of kashmir ; today is the kashmir black day !  
kashmir will continue to bleeds until india gets the same dose of "medicine" from our side        
heavyweights army of india is seems to be helpless in front of kashmiri youth .  
raise voice against indian security forces blatant human rights violation in indian occupied kashmir .  
brave youth of kashmir is giving mouth crakcking response to 7 lakh bndar sena in kashmir valley . freedom soon inshallah  
there were people dying everywhere getting massacred in every town and village , there were people being picked up and thrown into dark jails in unknown parts ,they just left women crying with pictures of their beloved ones .this is .  
caption  
kashmiris reject indian's illegal occupation on their motherland .   "
for the dedicated love with pakistan , the kashmir youth are paying a very heavy price in term of their lives , continued brutalities at the hands of indian security forces , may their troubles be less ameen  
unsc must take up kashmir debate urgently  
world community should take concrete steps to end illegal indian occupation of kashmir .  
the number of killings is growing logarithmically as indians are using increasingly brutal methods to suppress the people of iok and their legal struggle for freedom  
it's kuffar vs muslims and this earth witnesses the history that sooner or later and in spite of all the evil plans muslims ultimately get the victory .   "
kashmir issue is not only on land , but it is also the issue of illegal occupation of humans and violations of the kashmiris political , ideological and basic rights '
they kill our mujahids to stop them from protesting and raising pro pakistani slogans and all they get back to see is pakistani flag fluttering on their funerals .  
kashmiris reject indias illegal occupation on their motherland  
shame on . you indian army  
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .  
are you watcing ?? bane ga pakistan  
indian state terrorism cannot subdue the freedom loving kashmiris .  
the current situation in occupied kashmir has exposed the brutal face of india to the world as there is no match for indias brutality and barbarianism  
kashmiries hearts beats only for pakistan  
kashmir black day ; we re-affirm our commitment and support to kashmiris in their just struggle for freedom .  
eco of india's crimes in during latest . protesters voiced against imperialism &amp; occupation's crimes in .  
kashmiris have feverishly been demanding an end to indias illegitimate rule spanned over 70 long and bloody years .'
guys start keyboards and start trending now free indian occupied kashmir !        
india is a terrorist country .  
kashmiris live in a constant fear , humiliation and harassment by indian army .  
kashmiris struggle is the symbol of human quest for freedom !  
kashmir needs referendum . when the world will realise that kashmiries are humans too ???                
more than 100,000 killings have been done by indian occupational forces  
sorry not sorry  
kashmir resolution is a key to peace , prosperity and stability in south asia .  
kashmir issue is not only on land , but it is also the issue of illegal occupation of humans and violations of the kashmiris political , ideological and basic rights  
india is killing kashmiris and hiding his crimes with full impunity . we are raising voice against this brutal occupation . '
we demand justice for kashmir . theyre one of our own and india like always is using its brutal power to dismantle kashmir .                  
these sacrifices will soon make this black day as a birth date of free kashmir .  
indian army man revealed , indian army brutality in occupied kashmir .  
indian occupied kashmir has become a region where violence and violation of human rights is at peak  
it is not far away that kashmir will become part of pakistan .  
  must step in and resolve this issue as soon as possible to put an end to all this suffering ..  
a comprehensive documentary in persian language on indian atrocities in kashmir has been spread in the social media of mashad iran  
protest against indian occupation let the world hear your voice .  
indian armed forces are real terrorist  
this current round of protests appears to involve more people than the past , and the profile of protesters has also shifted to include more young , middle-class kashmiris , including females - ohchr .        
        are you sleeping ???  
they kill our mujahids to stop them from protesting and raising pro pakistani slogans and all they get back to see is pakistani flag fluttering on their funerals .  
one day kashmir will make india self-destruct in the same way . india may have blinded them with pellet guns but they still have eyes to see what they deserve , freedom  
stop violence in kashmir  
as a natural outcome of indian injustice , people of iok organized themselves and launched a war of liberation which india tried to crush through coercion and brutalities .  
what created burhan and manan wani ? they took up arms for freedom and humiliation at hands of indian forces '
    must break their criminal silence over kashmir issue .  
brutal indian oppression in kashmir valley will result in its destruction into several parts .  
justice for kashmiri people . stop violence stop killings stop rapes stop every brutality that is been led by indian forces in kashmir !  
occupational forces are busy in human genocide .    
kashmiris reject indias illegal occupation on their motherland  
i hope there comes a time when theres no more killing in kashmir and no more atrocity left !!  
indian atrocities on innocent kashmiris are even worse then ever ... today we all again remind kashmiris that they are not alone ! and soon india will pay for every drop of kashmiri blood ! pakistan at every moment and situation stands by kashmir ! '
the bloody tragedy of poor kashmiris had started after 1947 when they were denied their legitimate and un approved right of self-determination .  
we want justice ...  
civilian killings are going unabated in kashmir and the world community is watching like a mute spectator .  
dear kashmir we (pakistan ) are with you . ap logon ki qurbani raigan nahi jay gi .. please help kashmiri's .. pass the revolution "
we already have , more than once .. '
international community is worried about climate changes but silent on agony of kashmiris .  
indian army can't suppress the freedom movement of kashmir . "
shame on india '
indian security forces use rape as a tool of subjugation through humiliation and retaliation against civilians  
why justice has been made so expensive for kashmiris .  
illegal occupation of kashmir by the indian forces was most tragic chapter of history . kashmir dispute is a burning issue and an unending threat to the peace for not only the region but also for entire world ".  
27 th october a verse day of kashmir history at that day their rights were sold by a single man raja hari singh . freedom is right of kashmiris and   should make concrete steps for them .  
today is the day when the evil indian forces landed in our  
shame on indian army for their brutality on the innocents of kashmir !  
the present wave of violence in kashmir after the death of burhan wani has so far taken up 35 lives and hundreds injured .  
nothing can be resolved though force and brutality ..this issue should be resolved through peace talks for a peaceful future for their youths and generations to come ..  
india easily forgets its own history under british rule , and the declaration of its freedom fighters that the oppressor does not have the privilege of judging when a people are 'deserving' of freedom .   "
and it continues  
such tactics are used when there is no way out indian game is over  
kashmir is the part of pakistan . every pakistani has feelings for kasmiries . '
kashmir demands peace . '
indian atrocities on kashmiris must be stopped !   what is your purpose on world when you can't even stop country for human rights violations   take action !! "
on october 27 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary . '
why justice has made so expensive for kashmiris ?  
todays the day in the remembrance of the innocenr killings and of the day india occupied kashmir illegally .  
since the commencement of kashmiris freedom struggle in 1989, the ihk has become one of the worlds most densely militarized zones as 1 million indian security forces have been deployed there to crush the freedom struggle  
documentary in persian language on indian atrocities in kasmir viral on iranian social media .  
kashmiris are not given their right of self-determination  
till this date our quaid e azam's mission is incomplete !   "
kashmiris live in constant fear , humiliation and harassment by indian army .  
black day .....27 oct '
kashmir has sacrificed thousands of sons in their struggle for freedom .  
kashmiris live in constant fear , humiliation and hasrrasment by indian army  
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in kashmir must stop . see what the world has to say about this .  
uns attitude regarding kashmir is shameful and disgusting but pakistan still believes in peaceful solution of kashmir dispute  
more than 10,000 people are missing , around 22,826 kashmiri women have been widowed , 10,717 kashmiri women have been gang raped and about 107,591 children have been orphaned , but still the world is silent  
it is an undeniable fact that pakistan has always supported the kashmiris just struggle and never betrayed the trust reposed in it by them .  
kashmiris live in constant fear , humiliation and harassment by indian army . '
the other name of pakistan why govt not raise voice against india .  
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .  
it is an undeniable fact that pakistan has always supported the kashmiris just struggle and never betrayed the trust reposed in it by them . '
pellet shotgun use by law enforcement agencies resulted in multiple deaths and serious injuries of hundreds civilians between 2016 and 2018 -ohchr                  
one day kashmir will make india self-destruct in the same way . india may have blinded them with pellet guns but they still have eyes to see what they deserve , freedom . '
freedom is basic right of kashmiris .   should make concrete step for kashmiris because they are facing verse form of violance and torture by occupational forces .  
the long struggle of kashmiris freedom . '
oppression and tyranny on kashmiris include widespread killings , rapes , and killing kashmiri youth in detention centres ..  
black day '
oct and 27 1947 is remembered as the day when forcibly toot over the land of kashmir  
according to reports compiled by human rights organizations within india and those working globally , like the amnesty international , indian troops have brutally killed 93,935 people and raped thousands of women .  
the shocking discovery of thousands of mass graves across the occupied territory has raised concerns about the safety of the disappeared persons . thousands of innocent youth have been subjected to disappearance in custody and their whereabouts remain untraced  
it is also pertinent to mention that the un through its resolutions 91 and 122 also repudiated indian stance that the issue of accession of kashmir had been resolved by the constituent assembly of kashmir  
human right voilation in indian occupied kashmir ,kashmir bleeds lets hear their voice  
the organisation oic has expressed solidarity with the people of indian occupied kashmir .'
ever since the indian armed forces started in the valley , there have been many incidences of violence , enforced disappearances , extremities , and human rights violation . the issue of mass graves in light of disappearances takes everyone aback .  
not only kashmiri youth but innocent children , men , women and old aged people have suffered brutality through indian armed forces hands  
kashmir belongs to kasmiris   let us speak for their rights .'
kashmir wants freedom from indian occupation . '
today on 27 th october 1047, our kashmir was occupied by hindu mushriks of brutal indian army  
kashmir belongs to kashmiris and they answer forceful indian occupation by resistance .'
finding no way out to suppress their voices for freedom , indian army just uses violence and torture to keep them numb  
the people of indian occupied kashmir have suffered massive human rights abuses and since 1947, so far , more than 200,000 kashmiris have been killed by the indian forces  
indian armed forces are real terrorist in kashmir .... we want peace in kashmir  
at every martyrdom kashmiris revive their ideology of resistance against occupational forces . chant slogans kashmir bnay ga pakistan '
the ongoing freedom movement in iok .  
it's not a game where emotions have some value it's a game of strategic interest indian brutality unveiled   "
kashmir issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , and friendliness .  
people of pakistan have an emotional , spiritual and historic bond with kashmir and its people . our moral and diplomatic support for kashmiris shall continue till achieving their right to self-determination .  
support kashmiris support humanity  
the spirit of kashmiri youth by wrapping up the dead body of burhan wani in pakistani flag shows how passionate kashmiri youth makes indian scared of their zeal and passion for pakistan  
the indian security forces have been given virtual immunity to commit human rights violations in kashmir in the form of armed forces special power act (afspa)  
a black day  
this current round of protests appears to involve more people than the past , and the profile of protesters has also shifted to include more young , middle-class kashmiris , including females - ohchr .        
indian human rights violation in kashmir must be stopped by sanctioning india . occupational forces are busy in human genocide .   '
this is indian occupied . no human rights 800,000 armed indian soldiers doing brutality in  
speak against oppression .  
27 oct was that when indian forces illegally entered kashmir and the era of worst oppression and brutality was started in kashmir . '
27 th october is the blackest day . india illegally occupied kashmir on this day in 1947 .  
kashmiris are soldier . they don't fight to die but to win . they dont feel dignity in death .   "
while world sleeps !!    
india can't keep kashmir with force . kashmir bannay ga pakistan . "
kashmiris are demanding their right of self-determination and kashmiri youth particularly seems more active and passionate in achieving freedom from indian forces  
over 1 m kashmiris stand affected by the indian security forces in terms of massacres , extra-judicial killings , staged encounters and organized dishonoring of women  
kashmiris have been facing indian occupation since 1947 . 27 th october is marked as black day for kashmir .'
dirty india have taken everthing from kashmiris ...in life time where children should be getting education ...are mourning daily for deaths of their closer ones ...in age they should be playing freely in ground ... they are protesting for their right ... shame on india '
salute the sacrifices of kashmiris .  
as kashmiris around the world stood firm against the indian atrocities , brutalities and illegal occupation of state . '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir . '
indian occupational forces are targeting youth of iok . they are breaking all norms of humanity .  
a widespread protest against indias brutal killing has blown up all kashmir  
the muslim majority population in the kashmir valley suffers from the repressive tactics of the security forces .  
state terrorism that india unleashed on unarmed , defenseless kashmiris has adversely affected more than a million kashmiris  
protest let the world hear your voice  
2 globally acclaimed terrorist states israel &amp; india now plaing "a surgical strike "against pak our awnsr to these brainls cowards , we have ready and armed for both of you and is just a click away from vaporising you both within seconds so beware and be warned !'
while world sleeps !!  
27 oct was that when indian forces illegally entered kashmir and the era of worst oppression and brutality was started in kashmir .  
indian armed forces are real terrorist in kashmir .... we want peace in kashmir '
kashmir wants freedom from indian occupation .  
now brave youth of kashmir is giving mouth crakcking response to 7 lakh bndar sena in kashmir valley . freedom soon inshallah '
the long struggle of kashmiris freedom .  
keep . tweeting guys  
on october 27 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary .  
india has martyred countless innocent kashmiris in the last 70 years and continues to do so ..while the world watches silently ...  
kashmir has sacrificed thousands of sons in their struggle for freedom .  
kashmir demands peace .  
indian brutality is a question mark on the entire humanity . oppressors continue to kill while the oppressed are given no chance to raise their voices .  
  should make concrete step against indian occupation on kashmir according to resolutions passed by un  
a new wave of ferocity by indian army is staging again in kashmir  
the world has remained indifferent to the suffering of kashmiris at the hand of indians .  
today is the day when the evil indian forces landed in our  
patriots must join us all  
joining  
indian army can't suppress the freedom movement of kashmir .   "
must join us all  
bjp is in hot pursuit of mission 44 + in iok and its army in occupied kashmir has made lives of kashmiris more terrible and awful  
join us all  
indian atrocities on innocent kashmiris are even worse then ever ... today we all again remind kashmiris that they are not alone ! and soon india will pay for every drop of kashmiri blood ! pakistan at every moment and situation stands by kashmir !  
27 october is the blackest day  
it is time that the world wakes up and does something about these human rights violations ..  
these sacrifices will soon make this black day as a birth date of free kashmir .  
it's trending now   "
reality remains the same that kashmir has never accepted india . muslims can never live under the occupation of hindu zionists . we are different nation . we have our own faith . this is why people in occupied pakistan are still fighting for the freedom of their land .  
on this day , india airlifted its forces to srinagar and occupied the valley . therefore 27 th oct is celebrated as blackday all over the world .  
kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful .  
trend time  
is not only the issue of kashmiris who lives in jammu &amp; kashmir . this is for all those who are facing terrorism in their areas . humanity have died and we support freedom . set the people free . we are with jammu and kashmir  
black day  
the journey of sacrifice for freedom goes on ...  
we are with you . today 27 oct is black day ..  
human rights violations in kashmir must stop .  
join our team ht  
pakistan is observing over indian atrocities in . inshallah that time is near when india will have to answer all these crimes and kashmiris will be free to decide their fate .  
kashmir belongs to kasmiris   let us speak for their rights .  
though legal experts of india and iok high court have clarified the permanent status of article 370 of indian constitution , bjps agenda of division is still on table  
this 27 th oct is the darkest "black day " in the history of india .  
save kashmir , save humanity  
freedom struggle .  
indian occupied kashmir (iok) during one year of pdp-bjp alliance with rss assistant has fostered its agenda of ioks complete integration into india  
save kashmir save humanity , indian occupation of kashmir is a travesty of international law .                        
guys grab your keyboards and start trending now  
kashmiris have been facing unimaginable cruelty indian occupation .. but the world still fails to acknowledge their sacrifices ..and help them ..  
its balck day ... 27 oct  
27 oct was that when indian forces illegally entered kashmir and the era of worst oppression and brutality was started in kashmir .  
kashmir resolution is a key to peace , prosperity and stability in south asia .  
one day kashmir will make india self-destruct in the same way . india may have blinded them with pellet guns but they still have eyes to see what they deserve , freedom .  
india has used every kind of tactic to stop kashmir freedom struggle but have always failed .  
kashmiris reject indias illegal occupation on their motherland  
kashmiris wants peace in kashmir .  
international community is worried about climate changes but silent on agony of kashmiris .  
the organisation oic has expressed solidarity with the people of indian occupied kashmir .  
when will kashmiris live fearless , and bold ?  
kashmiris live in constant fear , humiliation and harassment by indian army .  
kashmiri are never shorts of blood when its comes to struggle for freedom  
it is an undeniable fact that pakistan has always supported the kashmiris just struggle and never betrayed the trust reposed in it by them .  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir . '
when will this blood shedding come to an end , o ! world ?  
let's join hands to show solidarity with the innocent people of kashmir   "
kashmir issue was created out of fear , mistrust and animosity and it should be solved through courage , trust , and friendliness .  
every day under cruel occupation is  
who and what created burhan wani ? the burhans of kashmir are forced to take up arms , not just for their freedom but also for freedom from fear and daily humiliation at the hands of indian army  
ohchr in its recent report has stated that the number of protestors in occupied kashmir have increased manifold against the indian occupation . '
speak against oppression .  
kashmiri's are forced to keep roaring   "
the people of jammu &amp; kashmir neither ever accepted the illegal occupation of their motherland by india nor will accept the same at any cost in the future .  
indian government is also trying its best to portray the situation in kashmir as acts of terrorism sponsored and backed by pakistan in a bid to raise a smokescreen over what its security forces are doing in the valley , and also to isolate pakistan globally  
their conscience is dead and follow no ethics ,  
number of martyrdoms exceed the number of recruitments is a matter of great concern to us and is causing worry . '
kashmir wants freedom  
the question of accession of kashmir through plebiscite , and promises made by pandit jawaharlal nehru and lord mountbatten to make a reference to the people , india continues to occupy kashmir , and deny the right of self-determination to the people of the state  
it is quite evident that the independence act , the partition plan and the un resolutions vividly recognized the right of the right of the people of kashmir to decide their future through their free will .  
kashmir belongs to kashmiris and they answer forceful indian occupation by resistance .  
people of kashmir are waiting for   's take to arrange a resolution for kashmir .   "
india is killing innocent kashmiris since last 70 years  
kashmiris have feverishly been demanding an end to indias illegitimate rule spanned over 70 long and bloody years .  
international hr groups have accused indian security forces of using excessive force &amp; failing to adhere to applicable national &amp; international standards on the use of force - ohchr . '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
the stream of blood is kept flowing ,  
indian atrocities in ihk have been manifested in tactics like crackdowns ,curfews,illegal detentions , massacre , targeted killings , sieges , burning the houses , torture , disappearances , rape , breaking the legs , molestation of muslim women and fake encounter . '
so that their pains , no one feel ,  
at every martyrdom kashmiris revive their ideology of resistance against occupational forces . chant slogans kashmir bnay ga pakistan  
27 oct being observed as '
kashmir demands peace .  
custodial killings and killing at doors  
disappearances and psa's   "
according to an internet freedoms group , internet services in iok were suspended 32 times in 2017, compared to 10 times in 2016 - ohchr                  
international community "talks" about justice and human rights but when it comes to implementing them .. they step back ..  
hardly any day passes when there is no violence on the roads of kashmir . everyday bloodbath has destroyed the serenity of this place and makes one to wonder about its fate  
human rights violations in kashmir must stop .  
half widows and full widows  
a peaceful , negotiated settlement of the kashmir dispute in accordance with un resolutions remains on top of pakistans foreign policy agenda .  
big billoard regarding 27 oct blackday "mashhad for 10 days "  
it is an undeniable fact that pakistani leadership has always supported the kashmiris just struggle and never betrayed the trust reposed in it by them . the father of the nation , quaid-i-azam mohammad ali jinnah , had termed j &amp;k as the jugular vein of pakistan .  
iran (mashad) is strongly supporting kashmir they displayed electronic screens for 10 days at mashhad .  
27 october black day till the creation of kashmir  
this 27 th october will now be the darkest black day in the history of india but these sacrifices will soon make this black day as a birth date of free kashmir .  
every new day in occupied kashmir witnesses the indian armys devilish acts of gang-rapes , burning of the agitators alive , torching of villages and crops , destruction of their business and economic life  
india has used every kind of tactic to stop kashmir freedom struggle but have always failed .  
unknown graves , land of martyr's ,   "
join us to raise voice against oppression and human rights abuses .  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .    
kashmir is a story of children less parent , parent less children  
the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~organisation of islamic cooperation , 72 nd session of unga .  
every day under cruel occupation is  
the world enjoys , no one cares  
kashmiris across the world are observing 27 october as a black day  
pakistan will continue to extend full political , diplomatic and moral support to the legitimate kashmiri struggle for their right to self-determination as enshrined in the relevant united nations resolutions .  
kashmiri people are fighting the war for freedom . and india cannot stop this freedom movement through atrocities , as kashmir dispute is a problem of humanity , human rights , and freedom .  
indian forces continue to commit serious violations of humanitarian law in the disputed state of jammu and kashmir .  
mothers are left , unspoken , kashmir is receiving rain of tears  
india has martyred countless innocent kashmiris in the last 70 years and continues to do so ..while the world watches silently ...  
on 27 th october -  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
kashmiris have been facing indian occupation since 1947 . 27 th october is marked as black day for kashmir .  
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .'
youths are taught , jail courses , eyes are blinded , legs are broken  
27 th oct is celebrated every year as the "black day " by the pakistanis &amp; the kashmiris all over the world as a protest against indian illegal occupation of kashmir on oct 27, 1947 . '
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
lets pay solidarity with the people of our heavenly land and pledge that we will not stop our struggle until the day of freedom .  
on 27 october 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir and the then prime minister of india , jawaharlal nehru , had promised the move is temporary .  
people of kashmir are peace less , restless , bullets and shells is the game of forces  
india has to realize the ground reality and come forward to settle the lingering kashmir dispute , according to the will of the kashmiri people  
sometimes you see headless , bodies , sometimes you see bodies , headless  
human rights abuses in the indian occupied jammu and kashmir are an ongoing issue . the abuses range from mass killings , enforced disappearances , torture , rape and sexual abuse to political repression and suppression of freedom of speech .  
indian forces continue to commit serious violations of humanitarian law in the disputed state of jammu and kashmir . '
innocent kashmiris are only asking for their basic rights ... freedom is their right ..  
there is no flag large enough to hide the shame of killing innocent people  
the oppression has been manifested in the following types of human rights abuses : disappearances , torture , rape and molestation of muslim women .  
every color is replaced with red , every soul is forced dead  
human rights abuses have been a part of the campaign of the indian army against muslim kashmiris , particularly after 1990 .  
what is the excuse of so-called advocates of human rights ? these double standards need to do something . at least muslim-majority countries should join hands to advocate for the rights of kashmiris .  
the oppression has been manifested in the following types of human rights abuses : disappearances , torture , rape and molestation of muslim women . '
blood dipping from veins , blood dipping from arteries , some people are celebrating , blood parties , soil is red , rivers are red , kashmiris are knot with blood thread  
kashmiri's are observing 27 october as a black day to condemn india for constantly denying the kashmiris birth right to self determination   "
while indian &amp; pakistani army should leave after 20 years in batches replacing local army . gilgit and jammu can have referendum whether they choose india or pakistan . '
indian armed forces are real terrorist in kashmir .... we want peace in kashmir  
the amount of torture , killings and rapes perpetrated on kashmiri people by the indian military personnel has already set a new record of violence in indian occupied kashmir  
even if a match will played between india and kashmir .. our lovely kashmiris can win easily because they know how to win hearts and how to win battle fields !!!  
kashmiris are always in the ..... mourning ..... of their life ....  
human rights abuses have been a part of the campaign of the indian army against muslim kashmiris , particularly after 1990 . '
pakistan always stands with &amp; their fight for freedom . there struggle against indian brutality &amp; state sponsored terrorism will soon result in free kashmir .  
ohchr in its recent report has stated that the number of protestors in occupied kashmir have increased manifold against the indian occupation .                  
we really believe in this government that   will fight the case of same as of holland '
join us to raise voice against oppression and human rights abuses .  
the people of kashmir have been victimised of aggression violence mass killings enforced disappearances torture rape sexual abuse political repression suppression offreedom of speech kashmiris demand complete freedom technically and legally  
kashmiris , who are struggling fr the right of self determination as per the resolution of unsc , april 21, 1948, are subjected to brutalities , killing , blinding ,disappearance and gang rapes &amp;mutilation of the women regardless of their ages by 700,000 indian forces  
kashmir is bleeding , kashmiris are bleeding , bodies are bleeding , hearts are bleeding  
indian army brutality in occupied kashmir : 6,221 pellet gun injuries reported . '
shame on you &amp; and shame on your losers army . if the world against kashmir ,, then i am against the world . '
this is the real face of so called biggest democratic state !  
for the last 7 decades the kashmiris have been seen only brutal face of india and living lives of uncertainty chaos and harassment  
..people of kashmir are not slave of india ..they have their own identity      
to be observed today by kashmiris around the world to commemorate the sacrifices and miseries of people of indian occupied kashmir .  
*lets start *  
lets pay solidarity with the people of our heavenly land and pledge that we will not stop our struggle until the day of freedom .  
india can't keep kashmir with force . kashmir bannay ga pakistan .   "
impunity for human rights violations and lack of access to justice are key human rights challenges in the state of jammu &amp; kashmir . -               '
freedom is the basic fundamental right of every human . freedom ...may be not now but one day ...definitely! the sun shall rise .  
these terror scenes have been a routine feature of the lives of people in indian occupied kashmir since october 27, 1947  
resistance against cruelty is in the blood of kashmiris . they fight with courage for freedom .  
nearly thousand deaths this year . shame on the so called democratic india  
but un don't care for what indian army is doing in iok   "
the so called human rights activist country , endia is actually invading the basic human rights of kashmiri people which is totally against the ethics &amp; un resolution ! endia is doing such a brutal behavior with kashmiri people bcz kashmiri wants to join pakistan !  
the valley of kashmir has been the most volatile of all places . there is no conformity between the local population and the law enforcers .  
2 globally acclaimed terrorist states israel &amp; india now plaing "a surgical strike "against pak our awnsr to these brainls cowards , we have ready and armed for both of you and is just a click away from vaporising you both within seconds so beware and be warned !  
resistance against cruelty is in the blood of kashmiris . they fight with courage for freedom .  
human rights abuses by indian army in indian occupied kashmir . india is engaged in every kind of war crime denounced by international humanitarian law . '
now brave youth of kashmir is giving mouth crakcking response to 7 lakh bndar sena in kashmir valley . freedom soon inshallah  
it is time india realised it must move to resolve the kashmir dispute through dialogue in accordance with the un sc resolutions &amp; the wishes of the kashmiri people . '
indian human rights violation in kashmir must be stopped by sanctioning india . occupational forces are busy in human genocide .    
black day in kashmir marks 1947 indian army arrival !! seventy one years ago , indian forces landed in the himalayan region sparking decades of deadly violence , giving rise to one of the world's deadliest disputes "
people of indian occupied kashmir are fighting for their right of self determination since the very first day of indian illegal occupation .  
indian armed forces r suppressing the just cause of freedom . '
salute to all mothers &amp; sisters of kashmir . kashmiri women ar brave , freedom slogans ar being chalked on walls by mothers &amp; sisters of kashmir . '
every new day indian forces violates human rights in kashmir !  
stop this brutality    
india must realise that it cannot continue to suppress the kashmiri voices through violence . '
the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop .@un        
pakistam strongly condemns brutal violence by indian forces on innocent kashmiri people . '
world must pay attention to kashmir to expose indian atrocities '
lasy week some where in kashmir  
india is violating the human rights of kashmiris since 70 long years '
as per recent report of ohchr , the notorious public safety act has been widely used by the authorities in j &amp;k to stifle dissent .                    
patriots join now !!  
pm   calls for immediate implementation of recommendation to set up un commission of inquiry to investigate human rights abuses by indian forces in   , , , '
dear people of we always stand with you !  
india is violating the human rights of kashmiris since 70 long years . '
despite being painfully non expressive , the world at large knows well that people in indian occupied kashmir have unduly been pushed to the wall . '
indian security forces blatantly used excessive force that led to unlawful killings and a very high number of injuries from year 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr       '
houses in which more than dozen households were residing ,burnt down to ashes at gulwan teng chattabal in a fight with millitants .  
pakistan stands with kashmiris in their struggle for freedom '
india should stop the brutalities being caused by their armed forces against kashmiris . '
time itself has been the most authentic testimony of horrors in ihk and the atrocities perpetrated on the kashmiris who want to end foreign military occupation from their homeland . '
the people of indian are near to their destination and soon the sun of independence will rise , says info minister     , ,  
a media investigation claimed that schools and colleges in the iok were closed for nearly 60 per cent of the working days between july 2016 &amp; may 2017 - ohchr                
on 27 october 1947, indian troops officially landed in kashmir . this day is observed as " black day " every year in kashmir .  
strongly condemns brutal violence by indian forces on innocent kashmiri people : ali amin gandapur   , ,  
days-long curfews and communications blockades had a major impact on people and their access to medical care in kashmir - ohchr                    
pellet shotgun use by law enforcement agencies resulted in multiple deaths and serious injuries of hundreds civilians between 2016 and 2018            
impunity for human rights violations and lack of access to justice are key human rights challenges in the state of jammu &amp; kashmir . - ohchr                  
by force by fear they never will occupied kashmir land of beauty and purcity of muslim going through toughest time period of there life's . my sympty always for them "
27 october is the darkest day in the history of jammu and kashmir and the kashmiris living on both sides of the line of control and across the world observe it as black day .  
ohchr report mentioned the incident of indian forces high handedness when a kashmiri man was seen strapped to the front of a moving indian army jeep .                
un must implement its resolutions on jammu and kashmir .   '
27 oct-black day for kashmir let thy world hear your voice '
27 october is the darkest day in the history of jammu and kashmir and the kashmiris living on both sides of the line of control and across the world observe it as black day .  
pellet shotgun use by law enforcement agencies resulted in multiple deaths and serious injuries of hundreds civilians between 2016 and 2018 -ohchr                  
purpose of black day is to remember oppression of a pagan cult named india .... we are coming for our kashmiri brothers ! '
the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~organisation of islamic cooperation , 72 nd session of unga .  
oppressed people of occupied jammu and kashmir observe each day under indian tyrant occupation as black day . when the   and so called civilized world will take notice of such indian atrocities in kashmir . enough is enough .  
ohchr revealed that authorities in jammu &amp; kashmir imposed restrictions on freedom of expression , targeting media and journalists .                  
27 oct 1947 was the day when india occupied kashmir ! liberation of kashmir soon ...allah willing '
the use of humans as shields by indian forces is a testimony to the worst kind of cruelty by india .                        
indian security forces blatantly used excessive force that led to unlawful killings and a very high number of injuries from year 2016 to april 2018 - ohchr              
oppressed people of occupied jammu and kashmir observe each day under indian tyrant occupation as black day . when the   and so called civilized world will take notice of such indian atrocities in kashmir . enough is enough . '
    stop killing innocent muslims in iok you so called liberals in india ,where is your soul n heart now ? sharam tum ko mgr aati nahi  
ohchr in its recent report has stated that the number of protestors in occupied kashmir have increased manifold against the indian occupation .                  
office of the united nations high commissioner for human rights in its recent report has unveiled the gross atrocities committed by indian forces in indian occupied kashmir .  
the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~organisation of islamic cooperation , 72 nd session of unga .  
ohchr in its recent report has stated that the number of protestors in occupied kashmir have increased manifold against the indian occupation .                  
pakistanis stand with kashmiri brothers and sisters    
president   , pm   reiterate unflinching diplomatic , political support for just cause of the people of indian   , , ,   "
disappearance of thousands of kashmiris is a testimony to the deteriorating human rights situation in kashmir .                      
dear people of we always stand with you !  
days-long curfews and communications blockades had a major impact on people and their access to medical care in kashmir - ohchr                    
the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~organisation of islamic cooperation , 72 nd session of unga . '
october 27 is the darkest day in the history of jammu and kashmir and the kashmiris living on both sides of the line of control and across the world observe it as black day .  
ohchr in its recent report has unveiled the gross atrocities committed by indian forces in indian occupied kashmir .                    
cisf officer killed in srinagar shootout       '
on both sides of loc , world over observing today to convey to the world that has occupied jammu and kashmir against their will   , , '
impunity for human rights violations and lack of access to justice are key human rights challenges in the state of jammu &amp; kashmir . - ohchr                  
black day in many of you don't know what is a black day in kashmir ?"
long periods of curfews and obstructions by indian forces in 2016 and 2017 had a cumulative impact on students in kashmir - ohchr                    
stone pelters murdered 22 yr old sepoy rajendra singh at .dear     life of our braveheart of soldier is in danger .kindly allow   to take action in beast mode . r terrorists .  
even after thousands of killings by the spirit never dies !  
ohchr has reported that the hr violations in kashmir include torture ,custodial deaths ,rape, enforced disappearances &amp; extrajudicial executions by indian forces .                
the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop .     '
the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~organisation of islamic cooperation , 72 nd session of unga . '
pellet shotgun use by law enforcement agencies resulted in multiple deaths and serious injuries of hundreds civilians between 2016 and 2018 -ohchr                  
pellet shotgun use by law enforcement agencies resulted in multiple deaths and serious injuries of hundreds civilians between 2016 and 2018 -ohchr                  
(a.s) taught us all how to stand up and resist cruelty and the govt of tyranny .the message from . end indian occupation in .  
over 1,000 kashmiri people were detained under the notorious public safety act by indian forces between march 2016 &amp; august 2017 . - ohchr                  
-black day ' in kashmir marks 1947 indian army arrival !!seventy one years ago on friday , indian forces landed in the himalayan region sparking decades of deadly violence , giving rise to one of the world's deadliest disputes .     "
more than 70000 kashmiris have been martyred by indian occupation forces since 1989 .                        
this current round of protests appears to involve more people than the past , and the profile of protesters has also shifted to include more young , middle-class kashmiris , including females - ohchr .        
ohchr in its recent report has unveiled the gross atrocities committed by indian forces in indian occupied kashmir .                    
ohchr in its recent report has unveiled the gross atrocities committed by indian forces in indian occupied kashmir .                    
the use of humans as shields by indian forces is a testimony to the worst kind of cruelty by india .                        
indian army pointed their guns towards defenceless youth and chanted to kill polite and courtesy    
the feet of our martyrs are more beloved to us than all your treasures combined .  
ohchr report mentioned the incident of indian forces high handedness when a kashmiri man was seen strapped to the front of a moving indian army jeep .                
ohchr has reported that the hr violations in kashmir include torture ,custodial deaths ,rape, enforced disappearances &amp; extrajudicial executions by indian forces .                
ohchr in its recent report has unveiled the gross atrocities committed by indian forces in indian occupied kashmir .                    
mother of a kashmiri sahir ahmad mours over his dead body during funeral in arwani bijbehara srinagar . oh mother don't cry your son is sleeping , shaheed never dies u will meet him in jannah   "
ten heads to one .. now two braves sacrifice . you tknow the math     .  
you don't need to be muslim to stand up for , you just need to be human   "
  nonsense and lies !!! but agree that when jawans are stoned to death barbarically by trained stone pelters !'
autumn ;that withered us deep blood , mayhem and grief . hope ! new spring will return with full zeal and zest .  
october 27 is the darkest day in the history of jammu and kashmir and the kashmiris living on both sides of the line of control and across the world observe it as black day .  
so far , more than 100,000 kashmiri people have been killed in a reign of terror and repression unleashed by over 10,00,000 troops . many more languish in indian jails where they are subjected to torture and custodial deaths . '
india sought to suppress their movement with massive use of force , killing hundreds of innocent men , women and children . this led some of the youth to take up arms in self defence . '
india continues to remain in illegal occupation of a large part of jammu and , refuses to allow the kashmiris to decide their own future and continues its brutal suppression in the territory . '
always in my heart till the day i pass '
    and in other news , the indians are still oppressing &amp; murdering children in kashmir ! '
observing here   to express support &amp; solidarity with kashmiri people in their unprecedented peaceful struggle for their right to self-determination . heart bleeds to see innocent lives being killed brutally everyday  
remembering brutality in since 1947 .  
- 'black day ' in marks 1947 indian army arrival !! seventy one years ago on friday , indian forces landed in the himalayan region sparking decades of deadly violence , giving rise to one of the world's deadliest disputes .   "
stones vs bullets  
this courage cannot be instilled by any training or funding or indoctrination , its in blood  
  pays tribute to slain commanders sofi , dr and      
whats depression ? what hurts ? a divided motherland .... on the west its indian occupied jammu and kashmir and on my roads its  
. people of kashmir valley have been made captive to the anti kasmiri ideology sponsored by the so called local leaders . these leaders have shed the ideals of kashmiriyat and are promoting fanaticism while acting as puppets and agents of an international conspiracy .  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
_ we seem to be tragically :-( , &amp; ! _                  
pakistan has announced 27 oct as to raise voice against indian atrocities in .the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize .the atrocities in must stop .  
dear friends , is killing kashmiris and hiding his crimes with full impunity . we are raising voice against this brutal occupation . please join ht 27 th october , 2018 starting at 8 :00 a .m and ll last till 12 midnight .  
indian state &amp; ishfaq ahmad wani , husband of murdered in cold blood by arrested him on charges of stone pelting , leaving her 1 -year-old daughter completely without parental care .  
over 1,000 kashmiri people were detained under the notorious public safety act by indian forces between march 2016 &amp; august 2017 . - ohchr                  
holy is the dust stuck to his shoes !  
this is our kashmir morning starts with encounters evening starts with funerals and night starts with caso .  
  as they must be given thier right of self determination but thats not justified .                      
the bloodiest month of the year . the bloodiest season '
friday prayers banned from third consecutive weeks in       even religious rights are not valid in well-known paradise others basic rights are far away !! '
inshaallah , will prevail like afghanistan crushed &amp; '
last glimps .sister touching the face of maryterd brother . woe to those who took our beloved from us .  
this video from encounter site in yesterday is must watch for           why are so angry with forces and so much fearless  
and feeling belongs to humans . then what's about &amp; kashmiries people ,their rights &amp; their feelings ??   "
solidarity in hong kong after friday prayers outside tst masjid . we stand with our brother and sisters !            
  ah !! the pain of a mother a common scene for three decades and counting . '
if fighting against injustice is a terrorism , yes i'm a terrorist if standing with kashmir makes us terrorists , yes i'm a terrorist . dear india i don't need certificate from you who are killing us and call us terrorists ! "
and they call us terrorists . if burhan wani is a terrorist , yes i'm a terrorist if manan wani is a terrorist , yes i'm a terrorist if muslims are a terrorists , yes i'm a terrorist if pakistan's are terrorists , yes i'm a terrorist "
our heroes . freedom fighter . allah pak en ki shahdat qabool krain ameen .  
don't care what they're trying to do , their cheap objectives can't be fulfill . pak army and pak government knows better how to deal with this kind of slippers of india . as a nation we're here to support our army .   "
ohchr revealed that afspa 1990 &amp; public safety act 1978 ,obstructs the normal course of law , impedes accountability and jeopardizes the right to remedy for victims of human rights violations in kashmir .        
the issue of is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~organisation of islamic cooperation , 72 nd session of unga .  
"i have to go to my friends house to get notes for my exams ." --and uzair never returned . there were two bullet marks at his right side of the head . homework of uzair mushtaq who was shot by in     sanna mattoo  
and that " voice from the hills " still echoing within the mountains of the valley . '
sister of freedom fighter touching the face of his martyred brother during his last destination at brath kalan area of soopore . this is real is known to only by the blood .      
allah shahadat qabool farmaye ameen sum ameen ..  
pakistan has announced 27 oct as to raise voice against indian atrocities in &amp; .      
dear friends , india is killing kashmiris and hiding his crimes with full impunity . we are raising voice against this brutal occupation . please join ht 27 th october , 2018 starting at 8 :00 a .m and ll last till 12 midnight .  
  this is called justice served to hr violators . u use missiles , bombs and heavy gun fire to kill innocent kashmiris and they revenge it by hurling stones .         '
they use missiles , bombs and heavy gun fire to kill innocent kashmiris and they revenge it by hurling stones .          
  they use missiles , bombs and heavy gun fire to kill innocent kashmiris and they revenge it by hurling stones .         '
  stone pelters didn't kill the   soldier rajendra singh ..   murdered him i .e.   n   is responsible for soldier's death . aao mil k eak patthar maare 10 rcr n hmo ko bhi ..   "
third phd scholar martyred in iok in the last six months . the continuous indian state terrorism in is the moment of shame &amp; insult for the world powers . in this advance age , innocent kashmiris are still being deprived of their basic human rights .      
indian states terrorism in occupied     despite winter approached in kashmir , the indian occupation forces broke into homes in turn property upside down destroyed the boxes &amp; razed down the property .  
*thousands of people participated in funeral prayers of mujahid owais ahmad of hawoora area of district *      
one of most dangerous weapons used against protesters in iok during the unrest in 2016 was the pellet-firing shotgun . - ohchr                    
security forces are playing parenting role for youth of blue    
commitment of the martyrs agnst occupying indian forces . of martyred freedom fighter sahir ahmed makroo who died fighting for the righteous cause of freedom raises pro-freedom slogans at the funeral of her son in south  
no human rights activist even think there is blood shedding on street deal all humans equally or shutt   for life time  
no talks with separatists unless they keep aside - j &amp;k governor and is not gonna keep pakistan aside ... so , virtually no talk is possible .  
come join the protest and raise your voices against the and !  
what more of a proof the world needs to unite , support , raise their voices and fight against ?!  
role of in : gen pervez musharraf  
wearing a black piece of cloth wont be enough in order to only for a day ! we all need to our voices everyday for us stop the bloodshed in  
27 th october 1947 - black day on this day indian forces had entered kashmir !   '
islamabad is painted today . we forever stand in solidarity with our brothers .   and the whole world needs to open its eyes to kashmir now ! give them the right of plebiscite ! '
about 120 civilians killed near encounter sites since january 2017 . in kulgam incident , jkp have been accused of criminal negligence by not adhering to sop , with many saying people were deliberately allowed to venture into a minefield .  
this current round of protests appears to involve more people than the past , and the profile of protesters has also shifted to include more young , middle-class kashmiris , including females - ohchr .        
encounter ensues b /w militants , security forces in sopore       '
if you have 10 bullets , use 9 to kill traitors , informers &amp; collaborators . shame on their consciences . it has been going on since 1980 ... hell is waiting for the bloody &amp; informers should be #1 target for freedom fighters .  
u will have to pay for every tear and every drop of that made the soil of this heavenly vale wet ever . millions of curses to occupation  
mukhbiran huend beol khudayan gol . may the rot , both in this world &amp; hereafter . ameen .  
thousands funeral procession of of who was killed by at arwani bijbehara area of in islamabad .  
everyday story in indian occupied kashmir  
ohchr in its recent report has stated that the number of protestors in occupied kashmir have increased manifold against the indian occupation .                  
my humble request to all my friends who support to follow          
indian army is using chemical weapons in kashmir to kill freedom fighters .  
pakistan is party to dispute how can it be kept aside . without pak , kashmir dispute can never be resolved &amp; sub continent will never have peace . but to expect rss governor to know facts , history &amp; un resolutions about kashmir is to expect cows do yoga .  
ohchr in its recent report has unveiled the gross atrocities committed by indian forces in indian occupied kashmir .                    
international hr groups have accused indian security forces of using excessive force &amp; failing to adhere to applicable national &amp; international standards on the use of force - ohchr .          
blood and ink can't flow together .   "
  we are supporting against indian genocide from diff parts of the world then y our accounts getting withheld by saying we are violating ind laws meanwhile its not applicable out of india . please sort out the issue n let the world see reality . '
full video here .  
is always stand with  
forget about , kashmiri youth is the most endangered species in kashmir                
i am heaven ..........full of blood i am mother ..........i lost my sons i am green ............coated with bloodi i am breeze .........with the smell of gun powder i am water ........... carrying the tears of mother's and sister's   "
inshaallah one day , these tears will definitely drown your tyrant country along with your collaborators .  
picture of hizb rebel ovais   of hawoora kulgam who was martyred during gunfight at arwani bijbehera yesterday ..  
27 th of october is celebrated every year as the black day by the pakistanis and the kashmiris all over the world as a protest against indian illegal occupation of kashmir on october 27, 1947,      
gandapur has said that all the preparations have finalized to observe october 27 as black day to convey a message to the international community that indias occupation of jammu and kashmir was totally illegal , unjust and contrary to the kashmiris aspirations .  
          wake up    
resistance archive image    
this is sad but true  
real enemies of kashmir  
another bloody thursday 8 kashmiri armed rebel killed by at different places in kashmir '
everyday news of deaths has made me numb . i am here feelingless just counting the number of martyrs . this is what occupation does to you . '
indian sponsored terrorist army using chemical weapons in kashmir to kill freedom fighters . must share  
unlikely , hari singh forgot to put his royal stamp on the legal document while as mountbatten also forgot to put his stamp on the instrument of accession . while on other documents mountbatten has used to seal .  
indian security forces blatantly used excessive force that led to unlawful killings and a very high number of injuries from year 2016 to april 2018 - recent report of ohcr .            
lord mountbatten has also signed the accession on 27 october 1947 but by which time indian troops were already arriving in srinagar technically indians occupied the state by army aggression before the document was approved by mountbatten  
indeed it's heart breaking . it makes us cry .   "
federal minister also said that peaceful demonstrations would be held in front of indian high commissions and embassies across the world . '
federal minister said that pakistan embassies and mission abroad would also arrange special seminars and talk shows and play documentaries regarding the kashmir issue on october 27 to observe black day . '
the minister said that the day should be marked in a proper manner within pakistan and abroad to expose indian forces atrocities in occupied kashmir . '
morning start's with encounter evening end's with funeral two armed fighter's achieved martyrdom in sopore gun fight with occupation force's   "
gandapur has said that all the preparations have finalized to observe october 27 as black day to convey a message to the international community that indias occupation of jammu and kashmir was totally illegal , unjust and contrary to the kashmiris aspirations . '
pakistan will observe black day on saturday (october 27 ) throughout the country to express support &amp; solidarity with kashmiri people in their unprecedented peaceful struggle for their right to self-determination . '
26 oct 1947 , bnae ga  
gunfight : two mujahideen martyred , injured army man succumbs   '
some images will haunt you forever and will ask you a thousand questions . since 1947 daily humiliation     young man stripped &amp; paraded half naked by indian cid officials in 1987  
gunfight two rebels martyred in sopore gunfight . injured armyman sccumbs to his injuries . '
encounter ensues b /w militants , security forces in sopore       '
office of the united nations high commissioner for human rights in its recent report has unveiled the gross atrocities committed by indian forces in indian occupied kashmir .              
the land where humans exist but not human rights is called kashmir '
gun silenced . forces have done their job ! time for pakistanis to quote youth killings , heavy stonpelting , civilian deaths , jrl call for bandh etc . shuru ho jao  
    kill us , extinct us . india killing us under the sheild of terrorist and terrorism . '
here dawn start's with mourning and dusk end's with tradegy .   "
night starts with caso ? morning starts with encounter ? and the day becomes funeral day ? u know where ........     '
    10 year old masroor ahmad from who was murdered today in cold blood by the was the only brother among his five sisters . the wish of having a son after five daughters is now lost forever .  
encounter underway ! another normal day in another morning with the news of . '
encounter underway ! another normal day in another morning with the news of b /w the armed rebel fighters and the indian occupational force's . "
they have to hide their war crimes in . since from 7 decades the occupational force's are have did tremendous war crimes against the ppl of , to suppress the freedom struggle , to suppress voice agains the burtalities .     "
ya allah have mercy on us , we need it most ...!! '
is illetrate incompetent low iq stooge of government . his only qualification is ranting like moron with zero knowledge of anything . is due to his stupidity . this clown should be procecuted for his activities . '
my dear son ! sometimes i wish for you to come back , but i don't want you to suffer again . i know you are with me and i will always love and miss you with all my heart until we meet again ~   "
"we cannot allow the occupant to dictate what to speak and when to speak . being free is our religion and its consciousness is our survival . we prefer to face the ruler than to beg for concessions "  
why youth r more attracted to guns rather thn non violent struggle of ? boiling blood . '
dear mother , don't stand at my grave nd weep , i m not there , i'm in gentle shower of rain , i'm one of the birds that sing , i'm in each n every lovely thing . do not stand at my grave and cry , i'm not there ,'i did not die ' '' i 'm shaheed '' ~   "
      is becoming joint retired leadership ???? do they really have any goal achieving strategy ..is 'hartal' only option left ..any other alternative like civil disobedience ? "
this month has been so cruel , snatched too many sons from their mother's bosom . streets are soaked with the sacred blood of martyrs . o lord of the heavens and earth , liberate us . "
in just 4 days , we have lost more than 18 brothers '
24 oct kashmir - tens of thousands of people participated in the last rites of scholar-turned-mujahid sabzar ahmad at his native naina , sangam village of south kashmirs anantnag district .  
uneducated , uncivilised inhuman forces are continously killing highly qualified youth on every nook &amp; corner fr demanding fundamental rights of living in peace &amp; prosperity but , alas ! they are pierced &amp; bulldozed by automatic weapons . &amp; turned autumn red everywhere  
another 6 . today another six ,budding flower's of valley were martyred in two separate encounter's in and .   "
one a average one kashmiri gets killed every day .genocide is already going on . where are we heading ?   . '
indian sponsored terrorist army using chemical weapons in kashmir to kill freedom fighters . must share  
....the unending autumn leaves are shed paving path to the better spring . when will this bloodshed end and my country have the bliss of spring ??? when .......?? '
kashmir is now river of blood . six janaan ( armed fighters ) martyerd in arwani islamabad ( south kashmir ) and kreeri baramulla ( north kashmir ) encounters today . '
amnesty calls for 'impartial' and 'independent' investigation into kulgam encounter   "
and yet it is a normal day like others '
that has been suspended now  
we must remember that only those people feel the pain in stories of repression that have themselves suffered or fought against it . the hard hearted people or those who have not suffered would not understand such stories .  
commamder sabzar bashir , the last of the 4 scholar-turned-freedom fighters , has been martyred in a clash with indian occupation forces at with him all the 4 scholar who had taken up arms in the past 2 yrs , hv got martyred .  
six more killed in two encounters in '
gaza where even the dead fight along the next to be killed . to save liberty from the law that solicits /necessitates violence for its own preservation .  
7 martyred today by forces . two in baramulla , and five in redwani as , oppressors are glorifying their terrorists in uniform . death to  
  . please look at what is happening in a genocide is going on in where women children are raped and their sons killed in cold blood . this happened 2 days ago ,  
forget about (deer). kashmiri youth is the most endangered species in kashmir '
  again today 8 kashmiri were killed . human rights violation happen daily in kashmir . u are the champion of human rights please do concrete step towards kashmir . we kashmiri always believe in pakistan . we wrap our fighters in pak flags .   '
4 mujahideens martyred in arwani encounter may allah swt grant them highest place in jannah ameen  
the blood of martyrs is the seed of revolution .  
before you go to bed just remember that india is currently bombing the kashmir and has killed more than 30 kashmiri's this month "
  ab bakchodi na karo . its pale is because of excessive lose motions of hardliners '
watch video : exclusive video from encounter .                          
the blood of martyrs is the seed of revolution . '
blood of kashmiri people continues to spill unabated , unsung , unaccounted for . '
from the deceitful earth to honoured heaven '
  i know and see what you didn't no more infiltrations from side now . home grown resistance against occupied army in "
and the unstoppable bloodbath continues '
another bloody day for kashmir six freedom fighters martyred .     '
killing fields of in kashmir , this year is turning every leaf red . not a single day is left when someone is not get killed in kashmir by the indian occupational forces . today so far 5 martyred . '
this is the blood of masroor ahmed , a 10 -year old boy from . he won't see any more sunday's . nor mornings or summers . india killed him on sunday take a moment and pray for kashmir . "
commamder  
three mujahideen martyred in arwani bijbehara encounter . bodies recovered , identity of slain mujahideen is being ascertained . '
3 local rebels martyred at also one para camondo killed . '
  thank god . we are indian . the other side of freedom is no freedom actually . our live in safe &amp; secure place .   '
  this spirit of 1947 will only be realized once the khilafah on the method of prophethood is established in &amp; khaleefa-i-rashid will ask the ummah to get ready for jihad &amp; will lead our armed forces in the battle field . '
how tearful ??? a kashmiri sister puts her scarf on the feet of indian army personal to tell her the reason of killing her brother  
no farewell words were spoken , no time to say good-bye . you were gone before we knew it , and only allah knows why . our hearts still ache in sadness , and secret tears still flow , what it meant to lose you , no one will ever know ~  
another encounter started between 2 -3 freedom fighters &amp; 1 rr of , sog of police &amp; in kharpora area of arwani in south s district .  
the indian terrorist state respects only force and strength of the raging lion , not the whimpering appeals of a soaked cat .  
security forces launch caso in north kashmir   and kashmir     '
another sad day !! encounter !! two martyred in a fierce gunfight that started btwn liberation fighters &amp; indian occupation forces in kreeri ,   stop kashmiri  
why's india so scared ? why they're banning social media accounts ? why shadowbanning , suspending kashmiri activists ? &amp; india don't want you to see their crimes .   "
these two pictures from two parts of telling the story why thirteen was killed by indian army . on same day peoples of pakistani administered kashmir celebrating and enjoying  
  this is one of the concert program . why don't you twit on real facts and issue . "
after 35 days 4 g services restored in pulwama and shopian ... '
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
is an accessory of genocide in . '
  peace prize for what ? killing thousands of muslims in gujrat and kashmir reward ? '
and one more scholar ; one more career ; one more home ; one more dream . may almighty bless us .  
  calls for 'impartial' probe into deaths in kashmir's .   "
  but you are blind on genocide , are the not human ???                
this is just horrible . horrific brutality of indian forces in . killing innocent people . heart wrenching !!! we are with in this painful time . india is nothing but butchery state  
stop killings in  
are not optional . human rights are for everyone .  
i am where burying young ones is a now norm . '
security forces launch caso in north kashmir   and kashmir     '
house of . and completely burnt down by during fake in , . '
no stop to indian barbarism .  
"forgive others not because they deserve forgiveness but because you deserve peace " '
failed to resolve ; as seven decades lapse ; says    
those who claim to be leaders of masses , its their responsibility to take care of the followers . '
but we are doing this all to bring "peace"(whatever that means in hindu parlance ), education , &amp; economy to you . we are glorious indians , we bring peace , education , and economy by death , genocide and destruction .  
  alibi for planting an ied after the encounter with intention to kill people '
&amp; .... two sides of the same coin #_  
but we are doing this all to bring "peace"(whatever that means in hindu parlance ), education , &amp; economy to you . we are glorious indians , we bring peace , education , and economy by death , genocide and destruction . 2 /2  
    when are you going to send solders to to bring peace ? or you need approval from the us ?'
  really nice . but un needs to put pressure on states like , and agianst       '
      international community are sleeping ! don't shouting they will disturb . if they can't see this then your empty claims never bring the change . give some legitimate proves .   "
  form balochistan baloch nation stand with our kashmiri brothers and sister '
mothers of kashmir  
  change ur name to humen blind watch .. you useless shits .. get out of the lap of usa and see and '
my dear son ! sometimes i wish for you to come back , but i don't want you to suffer again . i know you are with me and i will always love and miss you with all my heart until we meet again ~   "
today , another phd scholar in kashmir got martydom . on the other side , people were expecting pakistani pm should remember kashmir after recent brutality of india . but he has not spoken single word for kashmiris . '
in their fresh act of state . &amp; during a &amp; @ , .  
a beautiful poem dedicated or our brothers &amp; sisters ,welldon cyber team jud ,appreciated.......  
  commamder sabzar bashir , the last of the 4 scholar-turned-freedom fighters , has been martyred in a clash with indian occupation forces at early this morning . with him all the 4 scholar who had taken up arms in the past 2 yrs , hv got martyred .  
i'm a kashmiri my name is amputed kid i have lost my limbs to the guns of insaniyat carried by brutal sarages .. "
they make a desolation and call it peace ! ~agha shahid ali           '
after dr . manan , martyred another dr . sabzar sufi in  
kashmir has been in a constant state of mourning this year . may allah bless kashmiris . '
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
    but they need to open their eyes on as thousands of people lost their lives but is sleeping .. '
the never ending pain death to occupation ...  
humble beginnings !! pray for those who are still in occupation . pakistan is not complete without kashmir &amp; kashmir is not complete without indian occupied kashmir . we will always support kashmir against indian brutality in kashmir .  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
where is humanity   ?  
hey   are you really working under india why did you block .   ,she isnt even indian .. how do you block an account which is operated outside india under indian law .. '
by which standards does the place look normal , peaceful and integral part . let delhi stop fooling its ignorant public and say loudly that "yes, we are at war with innocent &amp; unarmed people of "?  
mothers in hug their sons from to  
inshaallah one day , these tears will definitely drown your tyrant country along with your collaborators .  
dr . sabzar ahmed sofi ? msc frm burkhatulla university . m .phil frm jivagee university . was perusing phd in botany frm jamia university . also qualified net &amp; jrf exams . oh , how many more mother's wl loose scholar son's to see sun of freedom . "
to those whom i've fought with and to those i don't know your name , we fought by one another . you did not die in vain . we fought , you died , we bled , and i cried , even until our untimely end , our country , our families , our brothers , we shall defend   "
    why are the account blocked who expose human rights violation by indian army in '
dear   please dont seek revenge of pandit exodus by suspending twitter accounts of if at all , suspend jagmohan's account . however , would want to know if revenge policy is approved by   &amp;   "
we lost three scholars this year .rafi .manan &amp; today .sabzar. how long this bloodshed will continue ? who is responsible for this entire saga ?           '
shame on for blocking the accounts of the person's who stood for genuineness . seems supports the blood bath of people in . "
dr . sabzar ahmed sofi ? msc frm burkhatulla university . m .phil frm jivagee university . was perusing phd in botany frm jamia university . also qualified net &amp; jrf exams . oh , how many more mother's wl loose scholar son's to see sun of freedom . "
another mother is wailing somewhere in '
mourning and our captivation is their goal '
                          &amp; needs attention aboutstoping over &amp;  
the un have to take movement in opposition to india for committing mass human rights violations in kashmir that have victimized hundreds of fellows , girls and children .         '
group of mujahideens was led by hizb top commander fire aerial shots as a tribute to dr sabzar sofi  
heaven on the earth ... where humanity dies everyday ..!  
      how long suffer for thier of ?        
group of mujahideens was led by hizb top commander zeenat-ul-islam fire aerial shots as a tribute to dr sabzar sofi  
  the world is watching that the people of kashmir are fighting against the aggression and dont hesitate to sacrifice their lives to achieve the goal . '
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
"they may torture my body , break my bones , even kill me . then they will have my dead body , but not my obedience . today terrorist   needs to read this quote .....  
when a single bullet silenced a pregnant mother and her unborn child in pulwama | free press kashmir  
in massive clashes erupted between youth and indian troops in the nowgam area of srinagar district on wednesday after the of two youths in the area .  
another scholar dr sabzar sofi killed indian forces he was pursuing phd in jamia millia islamia ,he pick up gun for illegal occupation of india before dr manan wani also killed by indian occupational forces in kashmir      
thousands gather at the house of ph .d scholar commander area bursts into mourning , freedom fighters offer gun salute to martyred freedom fighter sabzar bashir .        
shame on you india . you are a terrorist state .  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
another day of complete shutdown of internet services in srinagar .then we talk abt freedom of speech &amp; no bias towards kashmir . is this the only way to control ppls anger there along with pellets &amp; pepper sprays .   '
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
*thousands turn up for funeral of shaheed sabzar sofi associates offer gun salute * at least six freedom-fighters including zeenat-ul-islam appeared in the funeral of sabzar ahmed sofi and offered him a gun salute .#kashmir        
thousands of people gathered to offer funeral prayers of p .hd scholar &amp; ias aspirant with 5 degrees from sangam islamabad kashmir  
dr the most high profile scholar turned freedom fighter . he shunned his research studies at amu to take up arms against india's forceful military occupation of in jan this year . he was martyred on october 12 at langate in northern 4 /4   "
phd scholar dr rafi bhat , associate professor in k-university . he was martyred along with top hizb commander on may 7 th 2018 , just three days after he left his profession to join rebillion against india's forceful military occupation of 3 /4   "
another phd scholar dr sabzar sofi among two martyred in occupied kashmir -   via   '
why dont   write freedom fighter kashmiris instead of writing armed kashmiri ??  
commamder sabzar bashir , the last of the 4 scholar-turned-freedom fighters , has been martyred in a clash with indian occupation forces at early this morning . with him all the 4 scholar who had taken up arms in the past 2 yrs , hv got martyred . 1 /4  
once again the pious blood [of lone bread earner of his family asif ahmad and ias aspirant with 5 + degrees dr sabzar martyrd by ] write their golden fate in the pages of freedom . they try to bury us they didnt know we were seeds .  
i am &amp; it is my i am requesting to please suspend my account as you did with   coz we will tweet truth &amp; cant stop anywhere  
in massive clashes erupted between youth and indian troops in the nowgam area of srinagar district on wednesday after the of two youths in the area .  
    womens rights  
  humanity still suffers in  
in indian troops in their fresh act of martyred two youth including a phd scholar in srinagar , today . the troops killed the youth identified as scholar , dr sabzar ahmed sofi , and aasif ahmed .  
ias aspirant with 5 degrees and phd scholar namely sabzar ahmad along with another militant asif ahmad killed in nowgam encounter .  
dr sabzar sofi ph .d - mphill - msc - b .ed -jrf/ net set ' what else a man needs after all this , still he valued the true purpose of life &amp; left home in july 2016 and moved to hills . one day of loin's lofe is better than 100 yrs of fox . u will be remembered forever .   "
asset lost reading room of                        
nomatter what is in ur hand to defend yourself its all about your courage and bravery to fight for your . soon fredom will be the fate of kashmir in sha allah .  
how insane is this as we are being killed day after day and world behaving like mute spectator '
the house where two freedom fighters were martyerd in an encounter with indian occupational forces in nowgam area near . six security men were wounded too .*              
wishing a very happy independence day celebrations to our kashmiri brothers and sisters around the globe . may allah keep you all blessed and safe '
another scholar martyred ! dr .sabzar bashir martyred along with his associate asif wagay in nowgam area of srinagar in an encounter with indian forces .  
and the soil of my paradise again soaked with the blood of another reasearch scholar '
where us ??? the account of   is withheld in by   is this platform supporting illegal killing in ??? shame on you  
are   ,   ,@unpeacekeeping ,@unicef and   all drunk or blind ? being unable to see atrocities in by fascist . @'
*the house where two mujahideen were martyerd in an encounter with indian occupational forces in nowgam area near . six security men were wounded too .*                
  kindly do a coverage on     that "s your main emphasis area '
&amp; enjoying hospitality horrifying account of army brutalities      
the two rebels martyred in nowgam today identified as dr sabzar from sangam and arif shergujri from khiram anantnag . . '
intense clashes are going on in nowgam ,baghi mehtab ,wanibal,machowa,aganist the killing of two militants at nowgam area of srinagar .. internet blocked . railway service suspended .. '
in less than 4 months , 10 th fail army men martyred of kashmir                  
this is the blood of masroor ahmed , a 10 -year old boy from kashmir . he won't see any more sunday's . nor mornings or summers . india killed him on sunday take a moment and pray for kashmir .   "
massive clashes erupted near encounter site in wanbal nowgam city outskirts parts , youth took to streets and pelted stones on security establishment in various parts of uptown areas .  
scholar , doctor , teacher , now armed fighter . dr martyred . will be cherished , remembered nd followed . thsese are truely role model of kashmiris young generation . '
  shameful double standards of , they don't see in . india is killing dozens of innocent humans in ind occ . kashmir .   shd e penalized and boycotted by the civilized world who claim to be the champions of "
lal chowk march : police detain mirwaiz and yaseen malik  
dr mohammad rafi bhat dr mannan bashir wani dr subzar sofi in less than 4 months , 10 th fail army men martyred of kashmir '
two more kashmiris martyred in kashmir today identified as dr sabzar sofi and arif shergujri  
biggest joke .....innocent kashmiries being killed every day , butcher of gujarat gets and peace price .    
this is the blood of masroor ahmed , a 10 -year old boy from . he won't see any more sunday's . nor mornings or summers . indian security forces killed him on sunday take a moment and pray for kashmir .   "
after the kulgam "mistake" by indian forces where they failed to sanitize ,today they made sure that the nowgam encounter site becomes a graveyard by blasting the building . itna kiun dartay hamary freedom fighters say ? sirf 2 he thay and you are 8 lac loader army '
every day is ashura , every land is karbala this is what it meant to be kashmiri . oppression will never die , its the oppressed , who shows the value of human life to the world . '
*nowgam encounter : two mujahideen martyerd ,6 forces personnel injured . in last one week this is 2 nd encounter in .                    
    every kashmiri in kashmir is a terrorist why dont you bomb whole kashmir once and for all , anyway     is blind .. let this finish once and for all save lives in      
we lost another scholar today two more flowers of heaven has been called by allah india you have to pay off every drop of blood ,you have flowed /are flowing from innocent people of kashmir '
stay away from gunfight site : police issues advisory .  
everyday a mother lost his son a sister lost his brother &amp; a father gives shoulder to his sons coffin . '
  please take a stand for us inshaallah pakistan '
a ten year old boy died on this stretcher . this is what indian army is doing in if this doesn't wake you up     what else will ? right to freedom should not be curbed by killings . go for referendum .   "
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
shame shame indian army .... your ugly face has been shown to the world  
please stop killing innocents and resolve issues through dialogues  
in'shaa'allah one day , tears of the will definitely drown oppressor india along with her martyrs of   "
when a person from far off place gets hold of ur collar , then resistance for your dignity becomes duty and that's what my subzar is doing . mother of subzar sofi "
      what about eastern border ? infiltration n terrorism across loc ? absolutely nonsense !?!   '
without human rights at pakistan occupied kashmir blue  
rise of teenage educated fidayeens in pakistan blue  
another day with another oh almighty allah save our kashmir from this bloodbath . '
the should listen the hew and cry of kashmiries ; the should take action against the use of on - hamid moosavi  
i condemn s aggression against innocent . u indian cant win the war like this .  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
its time to do more then just condemning with repeated words which we have been hearing since decades  
either the graveyards are emblazed or the coffins are bedecked here . whether it is shawwal or zilhijjah , its muharram in my country ! '
raise your voice for the freedom of kashmir free kashmir '
this is the blood of masroor ahmed , a 10 -year old boy from . he won't see any more sunday's . nor mornings or summers . india killed him on sunday take a moment and pray for kashmir .   "
  sir need very swift responses n actions ...we dnt wish to see another molana style  
slaves in pok are going to celebrate foundation day of their slavery tomorrow ...but keep insisting &amp; looking at international community to get some strange kind of   for them ..#noindia '
thank you so much for talking about kashmir !!!!! really appreciated !!! please after some days 1 show rakh lia kryn about kashmir !!!!  
  are the nation in the world fighting against since 7 decades and still rights not been given .#whereisuno? see in .            
wanted terrorist who was carrying rpg , lmg and other deadly weapons , was firing them towards the indian occupational forces . later was killed ,huge amount of gun powder and rdx in the shape of rubber and pencil was recovered from his custody  
these tears will bring your empire down  
how tearful ??? a kashmiri sister puts her scarf on the feet of indian army personal to tell her the reason of killing her brother shame on  
in 22 /10/1993: an indian army personnel at the site of bijbehara massacre , which lead to the death of at least 51 kashmiris on 22 october 1993 . '
the deadliest and the biggest massacres of which october has given us till date . '
indian troops martyr eight youthin occupied kashmir '
inshaallah one day , these tears will definitely drown your tyrant country along with your collaborators .  
another dirty face side of coward indian ary '
*who is mannan wani ...?* "we don \'t feel dignity in death but do feel dignity in *fighting occupation *, it \'s collaboration &amp; most of all its ego and if /when we die while fighting all this *we do feel dignity in that death * mannan wani    
some mothers , sisters , aunts , grandmothers , were waiting for their sons , brothers , nephews and grandsons to come back after paying their shouldered responsibilities . but who could know they would come up with taking responsibilities .  
nobody is willing to gaze her brother like this but still you have to when you know it's the last time and what could be the greatest wish than watching calmly your dead brothers face when you are left with no options   "
kashmir bleeds while the world sleeps ! india barbarism in kashmir is veiled by vested interest of world in india but day is near when blood of innocents will bring independence to the most oppressed nation of this world '
only one place on earth where every day blood bleeds '
no words to express the magnitude of grief '
first they started killing teenagers and now they're killing us inside wombs . "
we remember the pain , we remember our martyrs . '
kulgam your contribution will be written in golden lines ! untill we are under occupation there will be no decrease in war-crimes of indian state .  
this is just horrible . horrific brutality of forces in . killing innocent people . heart wrenching !!! we pakistani are with in this painful time . india is nothing but butchery state  
little bit confuse ..... heaven of the earth or heaven of the blood ??  
the end of humanity .  
and they call pakistan freezone for terrorists .  
inshaallah one day these tears will definitely down your tyrant country along with your collaborators  
late night protests rocked village nehama kulgam against the recent killings by indian barbaric force in kulgam .7 civilians 3 armed fighters killed by scores injured . some of them are battling for life .  
in english we say as you sow , so shall you reap and thats what happened with india in kashmir ! the anger today we see among the youth of kashmir is because of the repressive measures of india ! india says kashmir is our integral (1/2)'
: mothers of six youth who were killed in yesterdays ied blast at kulgam and mother of seventh youth is already expired before some years .  
with the death of another teenager , the death toll of civilians has risen to seven in kulgam district of south kashmir . ..    
the end of humanity .  
ha guloo tohi masa wuchwoon yaar meon (tanzeela, holding identity card of her 13 year old brother uzair who was killed in blast at encounter site .)  
  sir , you are also requested to change topic and talk about indian atrocities in indian occupied kashmir ... '
  shame on you ,,, you can see the shackles of 12 thousands in indonesia but can't see the flowing blood of 17 millions ?????           "
  ik has surely discussed his own issues ... kashmir is pakistan's issue . kashmir was /is/will remain part of pakistan .... !,stopbarbarisminkashmir"
the world conscience is sleeping today ,, indian army killed my innocent brothers everyday in kashmir . indian security forces are real terrorists . all countries including pakistan should stand beside the kashmiri people . i condemn the killing of kashmiri brothers .  
      why isn't the muslim ummah speaking up against the genocide of kashmiris by indian armed forces just like they do for palestine ? kashmir is no different than palestine in terms of hr violations .   "
on january 21, 1990, at least 52 people were killed and 250 others injured on the gaw kadal bridge in srinagar . everyday  
now they have been conceived that they cannot handle the situation in kashmir . because verdict of the is very loud and clear . turn out of the elections have unveiled the indian propaganda and narrative .  
now they have been conceived that they cannot handle the situation . turn out of the elections have unveiled the indian propaganda and narrative . '
mehbooba said she believed every civilian death not only adds to the alienation of people but also pushes back the democratic and developmental process in the state . 1 /2  
heart wrenching !  
frequent net bans not even allowed for a peaceful march cribbed life , more lies , numerous killing . and then you have everything is fine in beside our armedarmies killed an unarmed 10 year old boy '
after evading police arrest for two days , chairman managed to reach lal chowk early this morning . he arrived at masjid kokerbazar before nimaz i fajr . on program ,will himself lead the protest against ongoing killing ....  
meanwhile people be like so you are from of earth ..... inside my soul replies yes the "paradise" while are killed everyday .... '
kulgam carnage : rajnath singh announces rs 5 lakh compensation for kin of killed civilians -  
print media coverage of ameer jamat u dawah prof . hafiz muhammad saeed's statement regarding recent genocide of the kashmiris .   "
go go ..#kashmiris want freedom ..  
jrl issues protest program . jrl asks ppl in general &amp; ppl of south kashmir to move towards kulgam on 24 october wednesday &amp; visit the homes of killed civilians again cals for valley wide shutdown on 27 oct ...    
    aaj kitne kadam chale ye jinab .. we are programmed fr this nautanki for fridays .. spare us the disappointment plz .. '
take a moment and pray for kashmir .  
last homework of 13 year old uzair , shot dead by indian army in kulgam yesterday .        
        my motherland '
  one day kashmir will be free insha allah '
the indian terrorist state respects only force and strength of the raging lion , not the whimpering appeals of a soaked cat      
this is not movie scene , this is our bleeding kashmir , civilians lie in a pool of blood in area of  
heart wrenching ..!!  
welcome to my kashmir ...  
see how deal with &amp; people of . #      
another dirty face side of coward indian ary  
all the world is silent , there are no human rights for people ! innocents        
these images show the extremes of violence , barbarism &amp; brutality that endure daily under indian military occupation     blood &amp; the shoe of a 10 years old masroor ahmad murdered in cold blood by in  
i condemn the brutal attacks on on the this must be stopped immediately and let them live their lives like indian people living in their country . '
stage against in front of complex the capital city of administered  
carnage at kulgam : 'it was so sudden that we thought we've been bombed ' | free press kashmir -     "
in peace , sons bury their fathers . in war , fathers bury their sons .  
how tearful ??? a kashmiri sister puts her scarf on the feet of indian army personal to tell her the reason of killing her brother  
thats how we play in . thats where third slip stands on feild ...  
ajk on monday banged with anti-india rallies as black day to register protest and indignation over the martyrdom of 10 more innocent kashmiris by the indian occupying forces in the held kashmirs kolgam area '
in the authorities imposed stringent in srinagar , today , to prevent a towards lal chowk area of the city to register protest against the fresh spate of by indian troops the authoriticies also internet services .  
  you are indian . and kashmir isn't accept india . kashmir is not a integral part of india . kashmir is not accept indian . "
planted thousands of land mines in areas of which are killing , disabling innocent kids or ?  
by brutal indian occupation forces . oh ! brutal india ,     don't force us to pick up the arms agnst india &amp; 's barbaric state inflicting upon my innocent unarmed people .   "
these images show the extremes of violence , barbarism &amp; brutality that endure daily under indian military occupation .     blood &amp; the shoe of a 10 years old masroor ahmad murdered in cold blood by in  
planted thousands of land mines in areas of which are killing , disabling innocent kids or ?  
till now u can't tweet issue nd horrific daily death of innocent why ?? just only one generalist murder offcourse non sense action , but th so called humantarian contractor whos shoutd just bcz us citzen , thts called so calld ill liberal pathatic thinking   "
              kashmir last hope pakistan . '
a person can't enjoy his own body part hurting . but if he is still enjoying , it proves the part doesn't belong to him .       "
10 year old masroor ahmad from who was murdered today in cold blood by the was the only brother among his five sisters . the wish of having a son after five daughters is now lost forever .  
      this is exactly what india is doing in by deploying it's 8 division army since long but reality can't be changed either by employing people to speak lie or force shut people voices with armed forces ."
  13 innocent peoples and 10 year old masroor ahmad from who was murdered in cold blood by the was the only brother among his five sisters .the wish of having a son after five daughters is now lost forever '
today's is beyond imagination . no one can imagine the pain . no one , except the who lost their beloved sons . may allah accept their martyrdom &amp; grant them enormous patience to their families to bear this unbearable loss .! . #_   "
oh my sister in darkness , the beauty of stars and constellations will be admired all the more now our dearest brother is up there shining like a bright star . #_  
moulana on killings  
it becomes our daily life we sleep and wake up at this scene everyday in kashmir .  
now you know why our apples and cherries are deep red ? now you know why our poets don't know that red is the colour of r o s e ? "
how tearful ??? a kashmiri sister puts her scarf on the feet of indian army personal to tell her the reason of killing her brother    
in peace , sons bury their fathers . in war , fathers bury their sons .    
our 10 year olds don't go to school , they go to graves .. "
why the rest of the world and so called   is silent on these serious atrocities done by indian forces now its time for us to wake up . where is so called human rights commission and ngo's ???? "
    is the boiling point of chaos in this region , even yesterday 9 people were killed by indian army in iok , you cant stop their right to self determination for long now '
terrorist india .  
  we salute the valor n bravery n patience of kashmiris particularly kulgam . were indebted to the sacrifices of kulgam people in particular . we stand with them at this moment of grief n always will be with them . '
    (1) what the hell his son was doing there at the site ? (2) why this tears , doesn't he know that his son used to rush with near encounter sites all the time for safeguard ? shd think ... "
in peace , sons bury their fathers . in war , fathers bury their sons .  
    anyone watching ?'
ten mothers will remain awake from today till their journey ends . this is a story of every single mother of kashmir ... only a mother can feel pain of a son .......  
  best parrot ! watch this on the other hand showering flowers on n here is video which shows how pakistani treats non punjabi minorities !  
        hmmm , worth watching this too on the other hand showering flowers on n here is video which shows how pakistani treats non punjabi minorities !  
  great ! take pain to see this on the other hand showering flowers on n here is video which shows how pakistani treats non punjabi minorities !  
  is it ? on the other hand showering flowers on n here is video which shows how pakistani treats non punjabi minorities !  
srinagar is sealed . no one can move from their premises as lalchowk is garrisoned into a virtual no movement zone . wonder when we can see free air , free life .. this occupation really sucks ! '
humans are dying like insects in indian occupied and is worried about why a lioness killed her own loin .  
inshaallah one day , these tears will definitely drown your tyrant country along with your collaborators .  
salute to martyers of south kashmir  
  it is better that pak govt should take concrete steps other than such hollywood gimmicks . kashmiris r being murdered ,tortured n brutalized . filming atrocity n brutality wont serve anything . isolate india . '
      brave taking aim on high value target .  
    strange your are silent on and your blood one real father doing atrocities in . zindabad . '
  look at indian army dog , they are killing innocent children in kashmir . shame on   . indian army is terrorist . modi is master mind terrorist . '
such harrowing images which are enough to disturb a normal person for hours by jolting cores of the senses ...  
  don't you think it's time to wake up ? or only non muslims are humans and all the human rights just for them ?   "
as a state its our duty to step forward to stop brutality .... and we just issue a press release from foreign office .   its not enough .. you have to give a reaction   sir are wauting for us .  
night with caso's arrests &amp; vandilization of property , morning with encounter's , evening with funerals of our loved ones . that is how our life is going in . "
oh my sister in darkness , the beauty of stars and constellations will be admired all the more now our dearest brother is up there shining like a bright star .  
    this is also from him . life is so cheap in and how forces left unexploded bombs in house and left after putting same on fire      
*live video * live visuals from skuast_k stop killing in kashmir ... skuast_k protest `                      
deeply concerned and sad about latest oppression by indian government , massacre of innocent kashmiris '
        indians without toilet are required to stay away '
absolutely right ...  
as mainstream political parties boycotted the ulb polls , former cm   says rogue elements were lured by money to contest kashmir local polls , in an interview with   . via     "
another day , another bloodshed day for occupied kashmir . when will the world realise the atrocities the indian army are causing ? pregnant women being beaten to death ; houses destroyed &amp; young civilians being tortured .  
  helene thank you for your utmost support for is brutally killing unarmed civilians in iok . moment of shame for india .   must play its role to have peace in  
take a moment and pray for kashmir .  
once there was the land hidden between the nature , it was so beautiful as it was known as the heaven on earth but unfortunately that heaven was turned into hell and im thr resident of that same place '
bcoz of no farewell words were spoken , no time to say good-bye . you were gone before we knew it , and only allah knows why . our hearts still ache in sadness , and secret tears still flow , what it meant to lose you , no one will ever know  
india is too arrogant and stupid to sit down and resolve issue in kashmir '
*this video from ganderbal has gone viral crpf are caught on camera dragging ,beating a uniformed student *                      
saddest picture  
no farewell words were spoken , no time to say good-bye . you were gone before we knew it , and only allah knows why . our hearts still ache in sadness , and secret tears still flow , what it meant to lose you , no one will ever know ~  
this is suicide to go near encounter sites . you ll never allow your son or brother to pick up arms but will glorify others for the same . '
after failing to suppress the resistance through military might , political repression , it is tool of religious invasion . stop indianization  
inshaallah one day , these tears will definitely drown your tyrant country along with your collaborators .          
the indian terrorist state respects only force and strength of the raging lion , not the whimpering appeals of a soaked cat  
the script of tomorrow is being written by the pen of today . and we would be wise to remember that the pen of today cannot erase anything written by the pen of yesterday .  
11 mothers will remain awake from today till their journey ends to this cruel world . this is a story of every single of occupied kashmir ... only a mother can feel pain of loosing a son .  
same is the demand of public .... we want peace process dialogue at immediate basis . no more bloodbath in paradise  
now when you have tagged all kashmir's as terrorists then why don't you kill us all at a time rather than planning this strategic genocide cleary you want kashmir , whether there will be any kashmiri left alive in it or not .   "
today's is beyond imagination . no one can imagine the pain . no one , except the who lost their beloved sons . may allah accept their martyrdom &amp; grant them enormous patience to their families to bear this unbearable loss .!   "
      : more details : ; '
talib maqbool , a b .a 1 st year student , who had to write the last paper in the examination yesterday was killed in kulgam area of , he is survived by mother &amp; sister  
. .*) .*) (. (. .` amazingaccounts                             '
7 civilians and 3 freedom fighters were killed , more than 45 injured in yesterday and pakistan human rights minister is busy in rating   shame on such people .  
after kulgam massacre 21 oct 2018  
after kulgam massacre 21 oct 2018  
kulgam massacre 21 oct 2018  
the ultimate tragedy is not the oppression and cruelty by the bad people but the silence over that by the good people . '
  first ever rap song for innocent watch :    
strongly condemn indian terrorism in occupied kashmir . brutal killing of 10 kashmiris in kalgam was completely inhuman . i m shocked that the world who can scream over killing of a journaist cant they see the blood of innocent kashmiris '
hurriyat vl issue statements ,1day strike call .indians vl celebrate , mainstream parties vl condemn ,social networking users vl upload pics , nd tweets for likes nd followers . but only mother knows where it exactly hit .  
strage but true , the live ammunition blasted only when kashmiris were there , n not when forces had gone there to collect bodies '
he cant see /read/hear about whats happening in indians and pakistanis need common grounds , stop your hate mongering  
      vote system in india ...you call this election ...@kashmirbleeds  
issue can never be resolved through military might of indian oppression :       '
kashmiri people looking towards the funeral procession of rebels in eidgah srinagar . pic by    
this is really hurting  
  plz highlight indian atrocities in kashmir ... '
deserve peace too .  
smile please ! everything comes with an expiry date , nothing is eternal . kashmir will rise and prosper , in sha allah har kamaal ka zawaal hai               '
in , the dead will live forever &amp; the living are only dead people pretending to be alive . . .  
funeral of slain civilian javaid ahmad lone in hawoora area of redwani who was martyred in blast at laroo .  
tonight on   we discuss with   and         '
is anbody listening where r the                   where is the world community why they are silent .ur silence become the justifications for them .wake-up &amp; end this blood bath .  
blind world can you see this ... if you see this and silent then shame on you ... you are criminal ....  
if you prick us ... do we not bleed ? if you tickle us .... do we not laugh ? if you poison us .... do we not die ? and if you wrong us .... shall we we not take revenge ? '
on the other hand showering flowers on n here is video which shows how pakistani treats non punjabi minorities !  
  and now you plan to replenish that soil with innocent kashmiri's blood . u r invaders in kashmir and u gota go . "
blind world can you see this ... if you see this and silent then shame on you ... you are criminal ....  
they will run out of bullets but we will not run out of chests . '
we remember the pain , we remember our martyrs .  
sometime i really feel doubt , m i really living in ...!                       '
fact  
time up for &amp; to resolve disputes .@un need to intervene to bringback           , both countries need to withdraw , bring life 2  
the ppl of kashmir should stop supporting terrorists and pakistan , it is no wonder they are dying every damn day ....'
stop genocide in kashmir . strongly condemn the barbarism and brutality of indian forces in kashmir . '
  pm ik sir we have alot of expectation from as always you change the image of impossible word at issue of kashmir we are expecting the same may allah bless all our kashmiri brother and sister '
after less than 4 % polling in j &amp;k government testing mood in and going for 9 phase from 17 th november . lets listen   tomorrow '
kashmir , a heaven , . that becomes a graveyard .  
the silence of world organisations like   and   on makes me believe that everything i studied about them is a lie . '
those who tyrannize they shall not succeed . no tyranny shall succeed either today or tomorrow . '
complete shutdown being observed against brutal killings of youth in jammu  
little bit confuse ..... heaven of the earth ? heaven of the blood ??  
one of the favourite quotation jis ka koi nhi hota us ka allah hota hai . oh allah plz forgive our sins '
our nights start with caso (cordon and search operation ). morning starts with gunfight ... then and the day ends with ... this is how we live in how long will we die ???           '
                    we love '
he was only 10 . '
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
heart piercing &amp; if this not breaks your heart than what else will .!! imagine a day without your loved one now imagine a lifetime . younger sister holding his school identity card .! . .  
but both are facts ...yes, kashmiris suffers , but many things are in favour of the terrorists ...they chose this destruction ...how to help when helpers also get stones ...this will settle only when kashmir itself want to settle ...  
i have no words to explain this ........... horrific brutality of indian forces in . killing innocent people .  
"here police is using tiregass " the msg of my family in '
fact ; indians invaded india and illegally occupied j &amp;k before tribal attack . on 12 october 1947, indian army patiala regiment was stationed in srinagar while on 14 october 1947 rss activists from punjab attacked jammu . '
oh dear pakistan ur jugular vein is bleeding .. kashmiris are calling u .. kashmir needs u .. kindly pay some attention to kashmir ..  
.martyrdom doesn't end something ... its a beginning say no to indians ...its solution is just negotiations soo negogiate until more people gave their precious life ...#kashmiris we are with you ( unacceptable )   "
  yes every kashmiri that u blow up , abduct and kill , rape is declared a terrorist . well what can the world expect from the country whos pm is famously known as the butcher of gujrat .     '
today was the first day of 12 th class examination for mohammad mukeem , the first casualty in the post-encounter blast in . adnan unfolds the clothes his slain brother had bought yesterday to wear on exam day .  
life in ; "mass killings , enforced disappearances , torture , rape and sexual abuse to political repression and suppression of freedom of speech ".  
people who born in an independent country can never know the value of independence '
  we want our rights you are not looking into the matter we want that you should look into the matter we fed up being a student we are not able to study in kashmir '
some rights groups say close to 100,000 people have died since 1989 while the official figures from indian sources state the estimates of number of civilians killed due to the insurgency in the range of 16,725 to 47,000 civilians .  
today's is beyond imagination . no one can imagine the pain . no one , except the who lost their beloved sons . may allah accept their martyrdom &amp; grant them enormous patience to their families to bear this unbearable loss !   "
suna hai sheher mai koi rayees ban gaya , wo jis ne kafan ki dukaan kholi thi ... the rich here are the ones who sell shroud . we have seen martyrs everyday !  
oh my sister in darkness , the beauty of stars and constellations will be admired all the more now our dearest brother is up there shining like a bright star .  
raise your voice for . a pic ... school of kashmir .  
help us dear  
kashmiris carry dead body of slain civilian who was murdered by indian occupational forces today  
many justifying and many supporting rebels who r very less in numbers but also lack resources , you may not like what i \'m gonna say but someone already said .. "you underestimate ur enemy in battle , odds are you won \'t live to see another ." '
indian forces : barbaric and inhumane  
and an indian got noble prize of peace two years ago .  
about a million displaced due to nation is catastrophically suffering due to economic project  
the systematic cleansing of muslims in      
on 22 october 1993, south was struck by a vicious massacre that killed scores of peaceful protestors who were demanding revocation of a military siege of famous shrine , dargah hazratbal .  
this is just horrible . horrific brutality of indian forces in . killing innocent people .  
      join me in supporting this important cause at ipetitions . kashmir's joint resistance leadership petition to un se ...   via   "
  watch this video of indian occupied kashmir , your heart is going to cry .  
and the world is blind and deaf  
oh oppressors ! you know , one day you will be defeated , one day we will rise above , one day we will be like the birds set free , one day their will be new dawn , one day we will take our aazadi .  
kashmiris gathered not just for funeral but also to give a clear message to indians that their voice for freedom can't suppressed . kashmir wants   "
under the terrorist force of india , world should identify this evil india  
&amp; the world is sleeping  
this is daily life routine in kashmir . india made their life like hell by their terrorism &amp; anti-human activities . kashmiris just need a single thing "freedom" .. a free life  
a glimpse of indian brutality in . recent waves of killing kashmiri youth is another strategy to suppress their voice of freedom  
this is just horrible . horrific brutality of indian forces in . killing innocent people . heart wrenching !!! india is nothing but butchery state      
please use as a hashtag and not ... we look at kashmiris as people who are not us , thats the larger problem . kashmirs problems are our problems . their unhappiness is our unhappiness . their loss is our loss . sad to see this . really sad .  
army continues killing innocent civilians of  
heart piercing &amp; if this not breaks your heart than what else will .!! imagine a day without your loved one now imagine a lifetime . younger sister holding his school identity card .! .  
only one place on the earth where every day blood bleeds kashmirbleeds  
      kashmir will be free soon in sha allah '
this is just horrible . horrific brutality of indian forces in . killing innocent people . heart wrenching !!! india is nothing but butchery state    
this is present conditions of muslims .those who are still enjoying shame on them .muslims are suffering a lot of problem its not because of the voliance of bad people but its because of the silence of good people .inshallah soon we will see our kashmir as a free  
shoe of 10 year old child this is a biggest threat to the whole india and indian rulers for which biggest democratic country is sending million of armed forces to kill such innocent children in .   india is a terrorist country  
indian state terrorism against has never stopped during past 71 years while we kept on chanting hollow slogans for independence of . now   like ministers are adding salt to the wounds '
  it takes ages to raise a child but a second to indian occupying forces in kashmir to snatch it . it takes ages to a mother to feed a child her blood and milk but a second to brutal forces of india in kashmir to spill it on road . , '
mourners will mourn , traders will go for strike , nc and pdp traitors are silent , internet users will tag and hashtag , killers will be happy , but it is a mother and a father in pain who lost there children , the hope of future and support of old age . , '
shame on u mr butcher      
oh my sister in darkness , the beauty of stars and constellations will be admired all the more now our dearest brother is up there shining like a bright star .  
huge gathering of people were participated in last rites of 8 th class student uzair mushtaq resident of gousia colony area of south kashmir  
its ridicules and unacceptable , what india is doing in kashmir . the brutality is on top . unfortunately international community including   are just spectators only . humanity is dying their , wake up world , show some ethics please .  
as always  
army continues killing innocent civilians of  
there will never stopb the blood of kashmiri innocent muslims by just condemning the terrorist (india). the pakistan should take strict action against the india .            
this is just horrible . horrific brutality of indian forces in . killing innocent people . heart wrenching !!! we sikh are with in this painful time . india is nothing but butchery state  
    is equaly responsible of the indian brutality , stop the genocide of in            
now when people are mass murdered in kashmir , the world pretends to de deaf and blind . when indians kill people in on roads , they say it is a lesson . what about the human rights , aren't kashmiri's humans . i stand with kashmir , i stand with kulgam "
stop killings in  
kashmir continue bleeding , world continue silence '
today sheer e kashmir university of agriculture and technology of north kashmir held a protest demonstration at wadoora sopore against the civilian killings . ::peerzada waseem  
government of pakistan has to take action now . the whole nation is now looking at the prime minister ,   what action will he take on it ? farooq haider calls on   and the government of pakistan we want freedom  
if criminal negligence of police leads to 6 civilian killings in up , will you stage protests or do bhangra ? me on   '
pakistan to continue exposing indian atrocities in occupied kashmir : fawad -   via   '
can feel this pain in my head the numb senses spinning mind silenced mouth moving earth beneath feet the upcoming extreme trauma ... for whole life !!! is anyone else can feel it too ! can anyone see the precious blood being spoiled    
today on the one month anniversary of this tweet , has burned india again . we don't even need our atomic warheads when we have imran khan to burn india   "
  pakistan army should open fire at endia army if they kill innocent people of  
indian state terrorism against has never stopped during past 71 years while we kept on chanting hollow slogans for independence of . now   like ministers are adding salt to the wounds '
black day 211018  
- the bloodshed and persecution alongwith deprivation of fundamental human rights still exists in kashmir in worst draconian and heartrending manner possible .  
the blood of our martyer is still on trollie o killers of humanityhow would you sleep at night the wails of our mothers are still echoing in the dark o killers of humanity how would you sleep at night  
rather than killing us day in and day out , why don't they kill every kashmiri at a time , thus satisfying the selective conscious of 1.3 billion people . "
enough is enough  
only one place on earth where every day blood bleeds  
in kashmir university against civilians killing and mujahideens .  
  as a historical legacy , the conflict has been an outstanding issue for more than half a century . never forget for '
  without resolving dispute , lasting peace cannot be maintained in the region . never forget &amp; it is part of '
pm imran condemns new cycle of killings of kashmiris by indian forces  
  pakistan and its people are with the people of kashmir  
today's is beyond imagination . no one can imagine the pain . no one , except the who lost their beloved sons . may allah accept their martyrdom &amp; grant them enormous patience to their families to bear this unbearable loss !   "
blood of martyrs  
            truth will prevail "explosion kills locals killed by booby trap laid by pakistan sponsored terrorists before dieing 2 collect ?remnant ammunition ? before desanitization by indian army "'
oh my sister in darkness , the beauty of stars and constellations will be admired all the more now our dearest brother is up there shining like a bright star .  
... yaeh and can synonymously be used .  
if you are neutral in situations of injustice , you have chosenthe side of the oppressor ..                    
wails from the vale . human carnage in indian occupied kashmir . on 21 st oct 2018 eleven kashmiris were martyred and buried in a land called            
'wont eat if mommy doesnt come ': daughter of pregnant woman killed by the occupational force's in .   via   "
why this blind world can not see indian brutality &amp; barbarism in indian occupied kashmir .  
why uno is silent on indian brulity in       '
killing kashmiri is general issue for indian occupied force . world blind on it . .  
ya allah protect them .  
"social media is the most effective media in today \'s world . unfortunately we do not have have any offical sm page , account or group which can give counter narrative of indian narrative . no one can deny the importance of social media copied '
this is not ! or this is ! the forgotten conflict ! this is everyday story in kashmir ! do you care ! do your little part &amp; show the world what is going on here ! stop human rights violations !stop the opression !    
  our hearts bleed with the v support nd effort until d-day with the pople of kashmri .yesterday v look the blood of innocent kashmri , we feel ia very near future indepandance from these cruel army .'
  people are fighting the war for freedom . and cannot stop this freedom movement through atrocities , as dispute is a problem of humanity , human rights and freedom . never forget .         '
people are fighting the war for freedom . and cannot stop this freedom movement through atrocities , as dispute is a problem of humanity , human rights and freedom . never forget '
this sis not asking anything to his bro bcz he pay his life for freedom but her silence asking to all how long we have to colour our hands with blood of our brothers ? when you will come for our help ?    
any word for innocent ? slaughtered by indian occupational forces . against indian atrocities  
blood in black , because that is more on the streets than pumping in the hearts ...  
funeral prayer of civilians who got matyred in kulgam area of  
sir can you declare 3 day mourning we are all numb shocked &amp; traumatised after the genocide committed by the we must show solidarity towards our brethren in  
    may allah accept their sacrifice and grant them highest ranks in jannat . '
  one cannot agree more sir ! as a party to dispute should to put an everlasting end to sufferings &amp; gross human right violations in iok by hindu fanatic   .           '
n so called the peacekeepers are sleeping eyes are blinded legs are broken is the land unknown graves land of martyr's , are kept under wicked veil so that their pains no one feel they need us ya ummatii wake up . "
can ink and blood flow together i ask ?       is our blood so cheap . oh world wake up .'
in pics : protest rocks at sheer_e_kashmir university of agriculture science and technology of north kashmir at wadoora sopore on monday staged a protest agaisnt the kulgam civilian killings ..  
humanity is under crisis worldwide fair giver are asked to take part after this brutality challenged by occupational forces against an innocents which are considerable crime an equal to genocide then come up &amp; take over to decides the destiny of "
you can't debate , you can't dialogue about how cruelly your occupation stealed mother's son ! "
3 indian s killed last night by ! another one killed in 4 bharti s went home in boxes this morning  
  you okay ? the pm is trying to condemn the atrocities committed by indian in occupied kashmir and you're here trying to throw cheap shots because your family is finally being caught for corruption . grow up !! "
remembering dr . mannan . here is my piece of poetry in today's tameel e irshad .   "
please stay away from encounter sites , no matter who plant ied there . it ll only hurt our own people . nothing can bring life back . '
it's not a war it's a planned massacre of bloodbath in 14 martyred by kashmiris has been killed mutilated &amp;burnt to the ground beloved kashmir ur glorious past wil rise agn frm the sacred blood of the mrtyrs . "
launcher used by occupation during fake at .  
she realised weapons are more precious than humans the drains you of blood are flowering here in the glaciers of paradise they aren't the tears you see in the eyes of mothers it is the blood vapourised due to agony isn't it enough 2 /2 "
angles have fallen from the sky ran back to heaven now when they realized that there are demons who rules this land now , they were slaughtered ruthlessly when they refused to bow the holy mother handed their sons proudly 1 /2 '
where is human rights agencies where is ? no one bothers when people of are dying , no one take notice of brutality ? '
there has been no specific color for spring or autumn in my homeland .. these are just seasons and we bleed everyday .. '
my tormentor is a dumping ground for the crap the capitalists produce worldwide . hence , my blood is cheap .  
tradegy  
  it's time , international org and community     should must intervene in this decade old dispute of kashmir to resolve it as per the wishes of kashmiri people . pakistan stands with our brethren "
heart wrenching  
  it's been more than 12 hours and i am sure you must have read the response of the people of your country the only response is by hook or by crook and i am also sure that you must have understood the sincerity and honesty of while "
  come in qadri sahab .... indian army martyred 7 civilians in in where condemned this brutal act and you r criticising him ... condemn and failed indian government on this massacres '
in recent state sponsored terrorist activities troops martyr 8 youth in a number of civilians are also injured in forces brutal actions .  
kulgam carnage : imran khan condemns killings of 'innocent kashmiris ', says , 'must resolve kashmir dispute through unsc resolutions ' | free press kashmir   "
on a slaughter mission in occupied 8 ruthlessly killed numerous over 70 injured in explosion wake up .blasts on dead bodies !!! heart bleeds    
the silence of world organisations like   and   on makes me believe that everything i studied about them was a lie . '
hasbunallahu wa nimal wakeel ! hasbunallahu wa nimal wakeel ! hasbunallahu wa nimal wakeel ! allah (alone) is sufficient for us , and he is the best disposer of affairs (for us ).  
india , your aggression and barbarism forced scholar dr mannan wani to choose gun over pen . your unending violence forcing the youth of kashmir to pick up gun against your brutal occupation &amp; 'barbarism' you've inflicting upon them since decades "
                            in the book of       and for western word are not human ...     '
condemning the new cycle of violence by forces in occupied , prime minister has urged the neighboring country to resolve dispute . details here :    
this is the famous cricketor sahib , who suddenly tweeted about the but , has no time to give condolences to      
returned for the third time this year . '
  respected sir pakistan should active kashmir committee . '
terrorist are responsible for all this . so plz stop blame to india and don't go near encounter site "
has crossed all the limits of brutality .  
india and human rights are two different things ..   '
dead will live for ever , n living are pretending to b alive  
killed along with her in womb by                        
is it the cost we are paying to live in this paradise ? '
please uncover the real face of india by retweet . convey the message of innocents to the entire world .        
        y sud regret , u might b waiting for another innings with   to kill , mam ,torture my innocent countrymen to quench ur thirst . ur father too was a blood thirsty monster who met his fate might b served well in hell waiting u to accompany him so y sud u regret . '
is actually the real  
180 plus countries considered india best suitable for international human rights watchdog and proves their choice as 'best' by initiating a new worst wave of against innocent civilians in indian occupied kashmir "
live ........ er rasheed leading protest rally at handwara aganist kulgam killings .              
a mother sleeping next to his son's dead body yesterday at south kashmir area of kulgam   "
in people pray 6 times a days now . fajr , dhuhr , asr , magrib , isha and '
only one place on earth where every day blood bleeds  
    o god plz help :-('
  this is not ! or this is ! the forgotten conflict ! this is everyday story in kashmir ! do you care ! do your little part &amp; show the world what is going on here ! stop human rights violations !stop the opression !    
neutrality and oppression !!!! if you are neutral in situations of injustice , you have chosen the side of the oppressor . if an elephant has its foot on the tail of a mouse , and you say that you are neutral , the mouse will not appreciate your neutrality . '
role reversal !!! the definition of terrorism , every now and then , turns on its head in kashmir .  
  and india sleeps . ! '
wailing mothers of .  
tell the sky to open its chest we hv blood stains to wash away .tell the soil to be soft we hv to bury our half blossomed flowers . we witnessed another karbala ,tommorrow the dawn wont break out as it does-farewell prayers with echo throughout . '
kaptaan leading from the front .  
heart is crying  
a mother sleeping next to his son's dead body yesterday at south kashmir area of kulgam . yesterday 7 civilians killed by indian army and 70 were injured .india army should stop killing civilians .@unhumanrights   "
victory after winning just a single vote in farcical j &amp;k civic poll | the indian express  
heart touching picture sister watching his brother with tearfull eyes in today .  
thank you kaptaan for standing with us  
kashmir : only place in world where people die to let others live &amp; live to fight . day light massacre in kulgam kashmir .       '
  coward endian army is afraid of freedom fighters in .the people of kashmir are giving their lives for freedom . world needs to support innocent kashmiris for their rights of self determination .    
blood now fills every aroma , even the flowers refuse to bloom . tales of my burning paradise , where the ashes are invaded by bloom ..! '
such a cheap blood of kashmir being spilled .  
this is not ! or this is ! the forgotten conflict ! this is everyday story in kashmir ! do you care ! do your little part &amp; show the world what is going on here ! stop human rights violations ! stop the opression !  
bloodshed , bloodshed ... when will it stop ?.. any side is not giving up ... leaders will continue playing .. and people will ... '
indian army has crossed all the limits of brutality .    
at peak ofkashmiris    
just a question ... is jamal khashoggi's blood more sacred than kashmir's ?       "
this is just horrible . horrific brutality of indian forces in . killing innocent people . heart wrenching !!! we are with in this painful time . india is nothing but butchery state  
  thanks for tweet , killings in '
there is blood everywhere .  
    only plebiscite can slove this bloodshed which flows everyday in kashmir .hope india and pakistan will slove this issue peacefully very soon ,because kashmiris too are humans .     '
indian troops martyr 9, more than 50 injured in occupied kashmir -   via   '
death has stopped the tears , silence is all-over again as children are buried inside the grave , '
    we have proud '
my kashmir is bleeding ,so is my twitter . '
  we kashmiris are *syria in slow motion * '
  kashmiris must unite and protest against india . non-violent marches . and in'shaallah all of kashmir will be azad and part of a united federation of the islamic republic . "
  un and muslim ummah please save it .'
in kashmir , killing is the age olg trend , now ppl are just waiting for their turns to get killed &amp; to mourn for their kith n kins .. how far a nation can go who scales her triumph by counting the no . of dead . &amp; den dey say kashmiris r our ppl '
this is the prime minister of pakistan sahib , who suddenly tweeted about the but , has no time to give condolences to          
why the world is silent over india's crimes against innocent worse human rights violations in the occupied           "
are not these young children butchered part of humanity , why not a tear is shed for them by world leaders - is not kashmir on the world map .            
uzair mushtaq dar ,13-year-old school boy ,was one among the civilians who were murdered by indian terrorist army                  
protest in kashmir university against civilians killing and mujahideens ...  
coward indian occupation forces massacre civilans in kulgam , kashmir , leaving 7 dead and dozens more injured ,kashmiris raising slogans of freedom ,we want freedom ,we shall snatch freedom from ugly coward 7 lac indian occupation forces    
innocent civilians killed by indian forces in indian occupied kashmir    
indian army has crossed all the limits of brutality .  
indian army has crossed all the limits of brutality .  
shame on this blind world ...                
  indian state terrorism continues against innocent civilians in occupied jammu &amp;kashmir. six kashmiris , all civilians including a kid massacred by indianarmy in kulgam .  
how can you kill a person who looks at the barrel of your gun and sees his rest of the life ... '
is actually the real  
    are you happy now ? i hope you'll get some relief .... congratulations on successful election now turnout is also good 12 kashmiri per day modhi k paltu k gadaar   "
killing is not so easy as the innocent believe . heart wrenching massacre stop killings of innocent peoples in kashmir .  
no words to express the magnitude of grief  
  ,   ,   ,   ,   ,   ,   ,   and   ur silence on this is shameful  
when diplomacy ends , war begins '
what kind of a quagmire have rulers of the indian government created to destroy the !....... ...'
  i'm from kashmir and i'm facing lot of problems everyday and everywhere . yes we are fighters but fighting for our nation and rights we are fighting for freedom . that day is not far when freedom come . "
india should b declared as terrorist country for their brutality on kashmir ,    
pic of ssb jawan vinay kumar who got killed after suspected mujahedin fired on him in midoora , tral  
sister watching his marteryed brother with tearfull eyes in kulgam today .  
kalgam encouter blast and gunfight 3 brothers miltants 8 civiles one student class 8 th allah sub ko jannet tul firdous atta kar ameen and 43 injured ya allah sunla ab kashmir ko azhad kar ameen        
surgical strikes on civilian houses in are conducted every other day . '
  : they don't feel guilty for killing 7 innocent lives , injuring several others and leveling up collateral damage . they claim , it's a victory ! this is shame on humanity .     "
how the actual fuck does india even defend all their fuckery in kashmir .. how ?! it just isn't possible in any fucking way a 'human' can think of . so how excatly do they have the audacity to defend the blood they've got all over themselves , kashmir's blood . "
heart touching pic from 15 innocent civilians killed by at indian occupied kashmir and 55 injured men , women and children    
      i think need to take a break so they will back to on normal state of mind rather doing this inhuman foolishness .  
another reason to annul simla agreement should be non-inclusion of kashmiris in the said agreement . kashmiris should be included as a party to any such negotiations or treaty , rather than treating them as side spectators .  
india , one of worlds largest poorest state can overcome its full poverty if it gets its military of a million pair of hindu arms &amp; boots out of kashmir and stop the bloodshed and oppression and let the kashmiri human free to decide self determine their future ! '
time to wake up your silly dreamy fancy bedrooms world !  
  kashmiris , stay strong . this evil self imposed hindu armys regime will not saty 4 long . '
in srinagar , the civilians were killed in a blast at an encounter site , kulgam . ask them : 1 ) what were they doing there ? 2 ) why did they enter building after the terrorists were killed ? 3 ) why did they meddle with stuff lying inside ? because of its own hypocrisy '
27 october , 1947 ; sheikh abdullah's volunteers , the nc workers along with some refugees waiting for the welcome of indian occupational troops at bcz of his misdeeds he is also role model for those hypocrites who still follow him .   "
  is in competition with   who can kill more in occupied or in occupied two friendly regimes &amp; are killing mercilessly in occupied regions            
    is in competition with   who can kill more in occupied or in occupied two friendly regimes &amp; are killing mercilessly in occupied regions           '
in coward indian army killed innocent people in   is sleeping and   and     are deaf !  
meanwhile people be like so you are from paradise of earth .... inside my soul replies yes the "paradise " where angles are killed every day .... '
a spent scent in a garden : hopes expire . i know not what i seek , no , nor require . but whether i am satisfied , or starved , still here i burn : a martyr to desire .  
blood thirst of occupational indian army in indian occupied is never going to be quenched , nor is the determination of resilient who are struggling day in and out for their right to self determination  
"may allah accept shahadat of our martyrs "  
this is just horrible . horrific brutality of indian forces in . killing innocent people . heart wrenching !!! we sikh are with in this painful time . india is nothing but butchery state  
why not you demand the inquiry of killing people in kashmir  
a child slain by the indian army after he had just finished his homework and took a stroll outside .  
another brutal massacre by we stand with you people we are your voice  
his first and last love was  
hafiz muhammad saeed has expressed serious concerns over the killings of kashmiris by indian forces in jammu-kashmir indian army has crossed all the limits of brutality .  
indian security forces brutalities continues but whole world especially   closed its eyes on killing of kashmiri youth !  
heart wrenching images coming from  
    indian brutality should be stopped now  
while occupiers were busy in counting votes are busy in counting dead bodies martyred by terrorists . let me tell you , scores of dead are more than the total number of votes casted . curfew imposed , internet suspended . the genocide continues ! "
the passion for freedom we possess will remain in us forever . we will confront any force on earth that may come in our way to achieve our freedom . '
perhaps the right time to remind ourselves of the truth we wish to not see - the sacrifices of billions of faceless people who have and continue to fight the occupation with their bodies &amp; blood .  
where are the so called leaders of the world who were mourning on the killing but no voice on genocide in ?  
          how long will you sleep ? how long will you bow down in front of india ?  
wails from the vale human carnage in indian occupied kashmir . 21 st oct 2018 eleven kashmiris were martyred and buried in a land called  
in . 8 and 70 in kulgam . within the radius of 7 kms , kulgam witnessed 8 of slain .  
indian troops martyr eight youthin occupied kashmir  
*#funeral of one of the mujahid namely makro resident of arwani , bijbehara martyerd in laroo ...*                  
beware form those leaders who use ur sentiments to push u towards death trap but they themselve will never go that way . '
wake up         we want freedom  
keep on tweeting on cokestudio !!  
we will fight till we lose the sole of our shoes '
completely heart wrenching scenes emerging from today . more than 6 martyred and more than 43 injured so far . words fail me .. budding dreams , silenced by the indian gun . not just numbers o martyrs , we have buried you in our hearts  
in . 8 and 70 in kulgam . within the radius of 7 kms , kulgam witnessed 8 of slain      
kashmir is bleeding . palestine is bleeding .yemen is bleeding . o ummah of prophet muhammad (pbuh) how will we face our allah and our prophet on the day of judgment while our brothers and sisters diying in kashmir , palestine , yemen , '
  cant you guys stop brutal acts of terrorism by india in kashmir ?  
i have no words .  
blind world can you see this ... if you see this and silent then shame on you ... you are criminal ....  
    kashmir is a symbol of never ending oppression and suffering . no india no ..you are not . you are responsible for the destruction of thousands of innocent families . stop denting the image of those indian citizens who are peace loving !#kulgamkillings '
kiiling nimazi jinaza offered at kashmir university in front of sir syed gate                  
they make a desolation and call it peace ~aghashahidali '
they kill us by firing bullets ,pellets etc ,in return they get killed by natural disasters etc . '
        you all may not be accountable to people of kashmir but remember there is hereafter ..kya muh dikhaoge allah ko '
indian brutality today in occupied kashmir ...  
will this cycle of violence ever end ? so many killed , so many injured . kashmir is mourning yet again . ps : oo khudaya lota de jannat-e-kashmir dobara .                  
this is sheer terrorism . strongly condemn the killing of innocents in      
too much pain mother can feel the pain when she lost her son with bullets and mortar guns ..  
beautiful poem and words  
this a serious , this is a masscare ! we need to look beyond the religion , kashmir is not a political battel ground they are also humans for god sakes stop looking n treating them as insects '
      this a serious , this is a masscare ! we need to look beyond the religion , kashmir is not a political battel ground they are also humans for god sakes stop looking n treating them as insects '
sister loses her brother  
sunday : day of funerals monday : holiday tuesday : get back to normal then wait for the next funeral and repeat '
how can they normally say 'civilians killed in cross firing ', even they don't hesitate , they don't regret . afsoos ti chuna eman gaxan . they don't value lives of kashmiri people . "
why is govt not appointing a national security advisor ?? what's keeping them from filling in this important post with an experienced practitioner ? "
at peak of kashmiris  
these images show the extremes of violence , barbarism &amp; brutality that endure daily under indian military occupation .     blood &amp; the shoe of a 10 years old masroor ahmad murdered in cold blood by in  
heart wrenching . no one deserves to live in the constant fear and terror of having to carry their loved ones in this state .  
the foreign is destroying each &amp; everything in the of our youth &amp; of our homes &amp; dear       save kashmir ,india hs leashed a war on unarmed '
kashmir is bleeding every day in every corner  
and you are listening music  
slowly slowly is turning into another and . '
    if india is that great , why are millions begging to leave it every year ? the fastest growing illegal migrant population after mexicans in the united states are indians . this country is an utter failure and resembles anything but a democracy . '
i tried to dig deep in valley . i saw reddish fluid coming out . i shocked ! pr mere jaise nacheez ko kya pta yeh shouda ka laho hai . kashmir '
protest at university against .  
kashmir is ours and kashmiri also '
nice to meet you   ; ground realities key . our voice must be united and strong  
my land kashmir bleeds 8 civilians got killed in which 2 minor teenagers has been killed and saveral got injuries so far , in ied blast which were set by indian forces at kulgam .     '
so 7 lakh plus troops brazenly protected by impunity murdering from 10 year old to unborn babies .....  
this is not ! or this is ! the forgotten conflict ! this is everyday story in kashmir ! do you care ! do your little part &amp; show the world what is going on here ! stop human rights violations !stop the opression !  
continuously since 1947 .'
given that youre a pakistani in such a (high worldly ) media place the huffington post do you know of a place called kashmir existing ? your homey neighbours . can you please highlight their plights and who should take accountability of their daily deaths  
nocturnal protests rock at university against the killings of civilians in .  
                        today 7 innocent were being killed in kashmir among them one was 10 yr old and he was only brother of five sisters ...pray for kashmir  
9 martyred in kulgham today by indian brutal forces .   consistently silent over human rights violations in kashmir .  
this is not ! or this is ! the forgotten conflict ! this is everyday story in kashmir ! do you care ! do your little part &amp; show the world what is going on here ! stop human rights violations !stop the opression !  
lone brother in four sisters was one of the victim at today .        
death toll 10 + by god of as those who made our mother &amp; sisters cry will pay for it &amp; those who let us down &amp; exploited our situation won't escape allah's wrath .    
    many may congrats may u all live long happy and prosperous life . saty blessed always lala we (#kashmir) lovd you a lot . plz pray for we people as india still continues khoon ki holy here . plz '
where is right to life in kashmir why innocents are being killed there '
tonight , some will sleep .... some won't .... and some can't ....   "
bloodbath continues in kashmir . someone plz say them (india) to stop innocent killings here on and on ,we have given them lots and lots of blood ,itz enough now .  
so , this is what go through , and their life explained so well .  
grumble mother addressing to her son pak just drop an atom bomb to kill us once for all and take what you want                      
heart touching pic from    
life in  
              needs your attention  
tonight , some will sleep some won't and some can't "
this blood is evidence of that it's occupied land by . the barbaric act by indian forces in (kashmir). we condemn this deed whither it happens in , , , or save   "
dear , the civilized people of south india extend their condolences to the people of . we stand with you and reject north india's continued human rights abuses against the kashmiri people .   "
oh homeland of the innocent , were you for us a graveyard or a homeland ? '
now you know why our apples and cherries are deep red ? now you know why our poets don't know that red is the colour of r o s e ? "
    ah !! the pain of a mother a common scene in kashmir for three decades and counting . '
  and the world and are silent spectators , innocent people are maimed &amp; dumped , under so many camera flashlights and not even a single journalist is moved .... this is by all definition , its a part 2 ..... stop it !!!!'
heart touching pic of kids in  
    it amazes me how you north indian yobs talk about other countries . shall we discuss the sudra genocide that as been occurring in india for over 1 thousand years now ? or let's talk about recent genocides of sikhs in 1984, muslims in 2001 and christians in 2008 ? "
bullet pierced body of a civilian 6 - 7 bullet sign's can be seen   "
those who made our mother cry will pay for it &amp; those who let us down &amp; exploited our situation won't escape allah's wrath . "
  indian media is all state funded /controlled especially   and   . both are guilty of ignoring the atrocities committed by forces in the valley . not one paper has ever written about the mass graves found in 2009 . '
funeral prayers of slain civilians who got martydom during blast near encounter site at laroo no one can imagine d pain of the mothers of shuhdah may allah give u sabr e jamil  
another day started with blood bath . 3 freedom fighters and 5 civilians martyred by indian army ..  
i wish i could fight for my but i can't ... inshallaha i will fight for my kashmir   "
while occupiers were busy in counting votes are busy in counting dead bodies martyred by indian occupational forces .let me tell you , scores of dead are more than the total number of votes casted . curfew imposed ,internet suspended .the genocide continues ! "
huge gathering of people were witnessed and participated in last rites of 8 th class student uzair mushtaq dar resident of gousia colony kulgam who was killed near encounter site during an anti militant operation at gunfight on sunday .  
the jointly launched a cordon and search operation in the kunsoo locality of imam sahib area in south kashmirs shopian district .  
those who are cherishing on our spoiled blood let me clear your illusion , this is just the beginning of your end . we don't wail on martyrdom , we celebrate it make mimicry , what else you want , for u is painful hellfire "
enough but not enough words of condemnation do come after the incident occurs , even from those who are engaged in all this . what if an effort were made to avoid this bloodshed . shaheedoon ka khoon rayigaan na jaaye ga  
hey       please please open your eyes wide enough , see how india is doing massacre in kashmir and help us and if you can't , then change your occupation and shut these so called peace keeping organizations .   "
  sir my respect for you . the security forces might be feeling happy about this gruesome incident and it was done by security forces ... moreover it was a well planned conspiracy by forces ....#kulgammassacre     '
bloody sunday may peace prevails &amp; those departed rest in heaven .             '
india is a terrorist state .      
heartbreaking : 11 unarmed youth who are labbled as 'terrorists' martyred by 'mighty' indian occupied army in one unfortunate district in just 6 hours in . perhaps these won't be statistics any further , . , , ,   "
every colour is replaced with red every soul is forced dead '
heart touching pic from    
had been india a muslim country , whole world had started bombing on it , for killing five civilians in kashmir . '
guess what ? the government and politicians are now tweeting their condemnations , condolences and words of sorrows . now everything will be alright . every innocent kashmiri soul , who became the victim of government forces will now find peace . waow !lucky us '
saddened and painful for the loss of civilians in kulgam . my deepest sympathies and heartfelt condolences with the bereaved families ! '
india is a terrosist state who terrorising and killing innocent with power ..  
prayers in absentia offered at kashmir university infront of sir syed gate .  
please       use your nuclear weapons and finish the game once for all . you need our land not we kashmiri .  
  today 7 innocent were being killed in kashmir among them one was 10 yr old and he was only brother of five sisters ...pray for kashmir '
the foreign is destroying each &amp; everything in the of our youth &amp; of our homes &amp; dear       save kashmir ,india hs leashed a war on unarmed  
"no farewell words were spoken , no time to say goodbye . you were gone before we knew it , and only god knows why ." in the history of kashmir 21 -oct-2018.  
bullet pierced body of a civilian 6 - 7 bullet sign's can be seen   "
7 civilian killed by indian forces in kashmir . '
is a terrorist state india army terrorist attacked on innocent heart breaking picture from  
ten families will be without their ten sons tonight and pity on me that i am preparing for my dinner . '
  you are haply about ur movie's success and here we are mourning our 10 kashmiris killed by indian occupational forces . and the sad part is that those 10 dead bodies were wrapped in pakistani flags and pakistanis are busy with their movies .   "
indeed paradise turned into warzone ...  
kashmir bleeds while the world sleeps ! india barbarism in kashmir is veiled by vested interest of world in india but day is near when blood of innocents will bring independence to the most oppressed nation of this world  
in . 8 and 70 in kulgam . within the radius of 7 kms , kulgam witnessed 8 of slain .  
will this cycle of violence ever end ? so many killed , so many injured . kashmir is mourning yet again . ps : oo khudaya lota de jannat-e-kashmir dobara .  
so 7 lakh plus troops brazenly protected by impunity murdering from 10 year old to unborn babies ..... '
no words to express the magnitude of grief  
south kashmir part of jammu kashmir state is under brutal attack of indian forces , death toll is rising with the passage of time . '
how tearful ??? a kashmiri sister puts her scarf on the feet of indian army personal to tell her the reason of killing her brother  
it's really peace humanity justice .   "
the biggest confusion among main stream politicians and there chamchaas including some government officers with there vested interests believe by killing militants they will curb situation in but they are definitely on losing side '
celebrating before indian hypocrisy are getting pm modi opening killer of innocent civilians toll died 172 people after double standards then how real face of india supporting bjp /rss again .'
another day another killings in my motherland kashmir why is world so silent  
oh khudaya what is happening in kashmir ...  
may allah destroy our enemies  
dear              
the real face of india , these young students have not committed any crime while studying in various colleges and universities  
everyday young jawans of are giving their lives once again today endian army fired 6 six kashmiris .. a heart wrenching day again for kashmir ..  
for heaven's sake deeply saddened with the martyrdom of in   "
oh allah we have wronged ourselves ...but u r the most merciful ..have mercy on us ...our blood seems cheaper than water ...help us oh allah against the oppressors ... perish india  
how tearful ??? a kashmiri sister puts her scarf on the feet of indian army personal to tell her the reason of killing her brother  
      smile you indians , kashmir will be a graveyard for you ,for your collobrators in kashmir and for your terrorists in uniform .ur days are numbered .mark my words '
how come body doesnt look for relief and live in peace when atoot ang is in pain .  
  those who made our mother cry will pay for it &amp; those who let us down &amp; exploited our situation won't escape allah's wrath . "
coward endian army is afraid of freedom fighters in .the people of kashmir are giving their lives for freedom . world needs to support innocent kashmiris for their rights of self determination .  
our boys hostliers are protesting . "hum kya chahte - aazadi " '
at least 14 dead in violence across kashmir    
if this doesn't break your heart then i wonder what does .   "
alas ! my vale you lost 10 more pf your beloved . my eyes have never witnessed a massacre like such , but hearing of today made me fall . how would have it been for you for you saw it all happening with ur eyes , you felt them falling in ur lap . '
this is what calls , that is an integral part and crown ...     , everyday theres new mourning for every morning ... ..  
7 day after joining his new college , masroor from south kashmir met this tragedy ! kashmiris are not safe anywhere !  
        why don't you guys speak up for kashmiris genocide ??   "
kashmiris should be given their inevitable right of self determination . history bears witness that no superpower ever has been successful to crush the freedom movement  
, in their fresh act of state terrorism have martyred 8 youth during cordon and search operation in area of .  
the whole world wakes up on the murder of but why can't they see the blood of innocent people being shed by the ruthless states of and . bleeds .   "
9 more kashmiris martyred today by the tyrant indian army . how much bloods needs to be shed everyday till the world recognises that kashmir issue is real ! wake the bloody hell up ,   '
blood of martyrs will not go in vain . one day for sure we will sweep off patanjali indian army out from kashmir . inshallah '
blood of innocents everywhere where in . brutal murderer spectators       partners in crime       and industry  
  dont know why people and indian govt not try to understanding kashmiris .... i requested to hon . pm   ji plz order the concern authorities to not to kill innocent people in misunderstanding , plz they also have family like us '
indian troops martyred eight youth in indian occupied kashmir's kulgam district on sunday . brutal indian occupational forces have been given a license to kill innocent kashmiris . how long kashmiris have to suffer ?   "
kulgam baths in blood ... war against innocent kashmiri civilians ... rip humanity .. '
indian brutalities in kashmir surpassed all limits . one more day added to the book ok massacres in kashmir .  
      why are you not raising this issue publicly ? can you go to indian occupied  
ruthless they always made the streets of my paradise all red with the blood of the blooming buds ..          
                                                                                            heart breaking visual  
      who says they're supporting terrorists ? kashmiris are demanding their right to secession and self determination . nothing wrong with that . it is you morons in north india who are unable to comprehend that . "
encounter_site                          
how security forces left from spot without clearing it from explosives ??? we are not fools . being kashmiri is a crime . and all civilians are target . '
    ashamed that my taxes are funding a genocide in kashmir . absolutely disgraceful . south india stands with kashmiris . we're not blood thirsty maniacs like north india . "
yet there will be no outrage on this          
it was preplanned attack on unarmed civillians . it was ied planted by army to take the revenge of 7 army men killed in trichal pulwama . '
it was not ,it\'s just a message ! "even earth is not now tolerating blood of innocents in kashmir " martyrs  
this is not or ,this is where kashmiris are killed and houses being bombed by indian security forces without any fault of kashmiris .brutality of india touched limits .      
state continues against innocent civilians in occupied jammu &amp;kashmir. nine , all civilians including a kid massacred by in .  
how wailful ! may almighty bless and comfort you all &amp; ur families during this time of grief !  
six civilians were killed and at least 43 others injured post a gunfight in kulgam district of south kashmir in which three militants were killed and two soldiers injured on sunday . pics by ab wani : kashmir essence '
indian terrorist army killed 10 innocent kashmiries today in fake search operations in . who ll proceed the case of kashmir in ?where pakistan stands today ?where died today ?           '
emotional faces of family members and relatives of civilians weeping on the lose of those kins and dears by indian government forces during clashes at laroo kulgam .      
video of civilians who mtyred today in kulgam district of south kashmir  
he called silence of international organizations of human rights and countries lamentable . the passion of freedom has awakened in the youth due to indian atrocities . highly educated kashmiris are joining kashmirs freedom movement . he added '
he said in jammu-kashmir , mosques have been sealed by imposing curfew and other restrictions . kashmiris are not allowed to offer friday prayer in mosques . restrictions are being applied over martyrs funeral prayers . '
he urged the governemnt of pakistan to raise strong voice against indian state terrorism on international forums . he said that india has increased its army strength in jammu-kashmir on the name of fraud election . '
the phd scholar , abdul mannan wani , mairaj ud din , and several other kashmiris have been martyred in last few days . indian army has crossed all the limits of brutality . '
ameer jamaat ud dawah (jud) hafiz muhammad saeed has expressed serious concerns over the killings of kashmiris by indian forces in jammu-kashmir and has said , modi government is making a new history of genocide in kashmir .  
india continues its state-sponsored genocide on the innocent people of indian occupied kashmir .  
toll reaches 8 ... each moment , each hour , each day ..that is the gold standard of indian rule and administrative policy in kashmir .. can't you kill us once for all . .. ...         "
is doing massacre in and '
salute to these brothers . allah bless pakistan enough courage to take steps for their freedom in the best possoble way . kaafir hai to teer py krta hai bhrosa momin ha to be-taigh b lrta ha sipahi iqbal    
o allah , forgive those who are still alive among us , and also those who have died among us . (hr at-tirmidzi ) ameen . '
back home in the dark of the night . a mother's beloved is being buried , wails piercing skies ,. "
          stop killing kashmiries stop genocide .. '
a poem shot in the head bleeds verses of freedom a coffin full of kashmir on the shoulders of occupation '
heart touching pic of kids in  
more than a dozen muslim kashmiris butchered , more than a 100 shot by the state army in , hospitals are full . '
our youth are being slaughtered like animals as government of india refuses to give up its policy of repression and acknowledge that people of kashmir will not yield to submission ...  
bloody sunday in . six civilians including a year old kid martyred endian forces .  
don't call urself human if u can't feel the pain   "
kashmir is bleeding and &amp; intl media is sleeping as usual .      
this is the scene of blast in , where scores of civilians were killed after three armed rebels were slain in an encounter with indian forces .  
the picture says it all  
a poem shot in the head bleeds verses of freedom a coffin full of kashmir on the shoulders of occupation -mbm    
we are either martyrs or witness to our martyrs . you can kill us india you can't defeat us . three militants ,7 civillians killed in kulgam . five are critical and are on ventilator ,more than 60 injured wake up       "
sir , the toll has mounted to 07  
what's more devastating for a mother to watch ! a 10 year old kid's dead body or a blood soaking groom-to-be ....... or his her home being bombed   "
even humanity is crying today ! enough is enough !!  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
monsters cut children open &amp; call it progress . monsters murder entire groups of people widout blinking . monsters r the ones who watch other people do these things &amp; do nothing to stop .                
such ferocious bombardment of civilian houses in kashmir is a norm now .. from ......innocent killings continues in ....    
what is life , without a little risk !? kashmiris are truly living !!! and they will live forever ! '
today's encounter site   "
fucking indian dont need they just need land of kashmir ... '
these and will rot in  
after indian pigs two kashmir youth in rajouri area of jammu region . the indian troops martyred the youth in sunderbani area of the district . 3 indian pigs are also killed in an attack .  
every colour is replaced with red every soul is for dead  
chairman muhammad yasin malik released from police custody after 20 days ... visits khanyar and feteh kadal and expresses solidarity with the bereaved families of recent martyrs ...  
this is what terrorism mean which india is doing from past 60 years ,, 10 innocent killings in one day   '
scream , oh mother ! in the proximity of the four walls ; here is no one compassionate about your loss . be resilient ; to perish them with spunk !  
three mujahideen brothers got shahadat in  
liberals of india     and others shout fr equality and justice bt hardly raise der voice against this cruelty of indian army on daily basis . when it comes to kashmir sanghis &amp; liberals hv same ideology . birds of same feather flock together .  
heartwrenching scenes from encounter site ..  
pakistan stops its dogs who are going to bark on kashmiris kashmiri has been fighting for the past 71 years war of pakistan's defense and survival of pakistan . we strongly condemn the statement of fayyaz ul-hasan chauhan basterd   "
democracy where humans have less value than votes .                
lone brother of five sisters martyared in ....  
pakistani sponsored jehadis provide much needed justifications to indian brutalities in .  
thousands attended funeral of two slain civillians at .  
art of mazloomiyat if would have been alive , what bitter cruel a conflict depicting art he could have painted than this desolation by the barrel of the gun . lanatullah ala qoumuz zalimeen !  
in jrl comprising syed ali gilani , mirwaiz umar farooq and muhammad yasin malik has called for complete , tomorrow , against the in south kashmirs kulgam district .  
and continues to bleed ...  
              i have no words ... '
incredible india                                  
we condemn the attacks on innocent kashmiri people by indian occupied forces  
you should have tweeted this to           and   . look guys , maybe this will help you to open your eyes and yet you think is sufficient to become a member of  
civilian death toll mounts to 07 in kulgam  
if tears become words - kashmir '
with the death of another teenager , the death toll of civilians has risen to seven in kulgam district of south kashmir .  
as india celebrates its militaristic misogyny in kashmir , here is how kashmiris are being massacred day in and day out . 7 civilian killings in a day . may the killers perish and rot in hell .  
sacrifice of  
people who keep commenting so much about kashmir without knowing what it is like to live here must watch this video . honestly , i did not want to share such a disturbing /graphic clip here , but then this is the reality . 7 civilians hav died in kulgam , dozens injured .  
all the stakeholders for the sake of humanity should initiate a dialogue process on the emergency basis as the situation in kashmir is getting worse day by day .             '
  on your watch !!  
heart-wrenching scenes from kulgam kashmir ,where 7 civilians were killed by indian army and more then 60 civilians injured . black day for kashmir ,another massacre done by indian army in kashmir .@unhumanrights      
let me tell you , scores of dead are more than the total number of votes casted . '
as india celebrates its militaristic misogyny in kashmir , here is how kashmiris are being massacred day in and day out .  
wounds will take decades to heal , centuries to overcome the trauma .  
heartwrenching scenes from encounter site .. india is a terrorist state . shame on you india  
where is the body . why everyone is silent  
bleeds again seven civilians killed     '
unnerving !  
sham victories for sham elections - as indian terrorism bathes in blood after killing a 6 month pregnant woman in - anyone ?  
this blood will reach your streets . it will haunt you in your homes . one day .  
freedom fighters offer gun salute to shahud ahmad tantray in wangram shopian . shahid was martyred during encounter in south kashmir's laroo area of kulgam district .   "
  picking up innocent kashmiris from their homes and then killing them in cold blood . fuck this hindu army the biggest mfs . salute to kashmiris '
heart breaking  
  meanwhile mainstream polititions will play their sympathy card on the killings . indians will celeberate the bloodbath of kashmiris . and   will act blind as usual . '
death toll reaches 10 . 7 th civilian namely aqib succumbed to his injuries . hell with india ... '
for what crime , he was killed ? (81-9) what was my fault ? i was only 10 years old . i had dreams to live in peace ... may i rest in peace ! '
humanity .... . i wonder for what purpose   was made ...  
untill we are under occupation there will be no decrease in war-crimes of indian state . '
incompetent father-son duo is being in the state of "watching" while youth of is mislead by anti-national forces from years .  
i cant bear to be online , '
hr violations in (from jan 1989 till sep 30, 2018 ) total killings *95,147 custodial killings 7,115 civilian arrested 144,957 structures arsoned /destroyed109,073 women widowed 22,887 children orphaned 107,735 women gang-raped / molested 11,096 '
pellets and bullets were not enough . that is why the brave indian army is now bombarding . but never ever we are hoing to surrender , we will fight with the occupiers in every single way . '
human life is so cheap in and how forces left unexploded bombs in house and left after putting same on fire      
curse be upon indian forces , jkp , nc , pdp , bjp and their supporters ! '
heart breaking images coming from . every day in comes with killings and mourning . destruction to the occupier and to its own people so that they can understand our grief and pain . '
india have two ways in kashmir , either to kill every kashmiri or hold plebiscite .for how long they will kill kashmiris one by one .dear india &amp; pakistan pls hold a plebiscite in j &amp;k for the shake of humanity .      
"kashmir is the jugular vein of pakistan " brutalities by indian occupation forces against innocent kashmiris in civilians are highly condemnable . homes are destroyed , women ruthlessly beaten by . . '
funeral of innocent kashmiri civilians who were killed in laroo blast .  
bloodbath grieving hearts shattered families blooming graveyards forgotten conflict '
indian state terrorism continues against innocent civilians in occupied jammu &amp;kashmir. six kashmiris , all civilians including a kid massacred by indianarmy in kulgam .  
no words to explain .  
10 year old masroor ahmad from who was murdered today in cold blood by the was the only brother among his five sisters . the wish of having a son after five daughters is now lost forever .  
today 6 civilians were killed and more then 50 injured in kulgam kashmir and governor of j &amp;k   wants assembly election earliest in j &amp;k how shameful statement .  
every day indian arm force kill many kashmiries . this is done today cleansing in kashmir by the indian arm forces .. who care kashmiries innocent people ? ...    
life in :- 1 .forces launches caso 2 .then encounter starts 3 . then innocent kashmiri's got killed 4 . and the locals offer nimaz e jinazah 5 . next day shutdown in entire valley .   "
why shall we not call it a massacre ? the blood of this 10 -year old kid should make us think twice before we associate with fascists , any further . no more . the blood screams louder than words .  
heart wrenching images from  
: scenes at smhs hospital , the death toll of civilians has mounted to 8 several other wounded . death toll may rise .  
the occupiers will rot in hell  
  the situation has been hurting the whole country and not just the and people should realise that fact . '
you can kill us but you can't defeat us .   "
  modi govt has no policy on or . modi govt is "event-oriented and election-oriented . the focus is on organising events and winning elections with little heed to policy or governance . '
bloody sunday . today 6 civilians were martyered in indian occupied kashmir . deepest condolences to their families and friends ... may their soul rest in jannah . '
: civilians lie in a pool of blood near encounter site . 5 civilians killed and at least 43 others injured in blast near the site of encounter . # photos : muneeb ul islam  
5 civilians martyared and at least 43 injured in bomb us and kill us all at once forever                
  why news is not put . more than 5 people killed today . give coverage for this carnage '
death toll reaches six another innocent youth succumbed to his injuries at smhs . '
  look     this is the blood of 11 years old kid !!! he martyred along with 8 others today in kashmir !!!! '
mr   don't you know what's going on ???? 9 martyred in kahsmir today !!! sir   where are our support for kashmir ??? khan sahab you tweeted about where are you today ???  
5 civilians matyared and at least 43 others injured near the encounter site in . hell with this fucking democracy .  
  why no tweets or hue and cry by on the carnage in today .'
  why no tweet on the cold murders carried by on today . afraid of india '
  why no tweet on . silent on this carnage in today . shame '
  why are you silent on the murder of innocent today at kashmir . is moral bound to raise hue and cry for this '
bloodbath grieving hearts shattered families blooming graveyards forgotten conflict  
will have to pay the of innocent  
wake up , wake up   as i woke up with the horrible news of slaughtering unborn , minors , children , young people , women with impunity '
three rebels and five civilians killed and 35 injured by indian forces in kashmir .   '
blood bath continue in kashmir , where is un  
9 killed including 10 year old masroor ahmad in kulgam by the indian occupational forces .killing civilians doesnt make u brave in fact it shows ur incompetency this blood of kashmiries is testimony to the fact dat we will not succumb to ur gruesome tactics  
again bloody sunday ...5 civialins 3 mujahideens .oh allah save us ...have mercy upon us ...rip martyers  
                  plz shut the doors of these fake agencies if u can't save my kashmir from genocide by indian occupied forces . for freedom .   "
blood of 10 yrs old boy masroor ahmad who got martyred by indian terrorist army in kulgam . again turned into karbala her soil calls for a hussain .          
, we won't forget and ever forgive this inhuman brutally by indian occupied force in .   "
bloody sunday '
two soldiers injured in south kashmir encounter       '
  no . we will talk about and '
: five civilians reportedly killed in kulgam , many injured . reports   '
another two youth were after an unexploded bomb went off while they were removing the debris of the destroyed house . the bomb was laid down by during the operation at laroo in kulgam district .  
funeral prayer of 10 years old boy among 5 civilians killed by in .  
india was rewarded a un hr seat recently , seems this doesnt count in hr violations   were r u guyz .  
by brutal indian occupation forces . oh ! brutal india ,     don't force us to pick up the arms agnst india &amp; 's barbaric state inflicting upon my innocent unarmed people .   "
again ......! killings ....'
  the day you accept the ground reality of and stand with the people of the land all you collaborators are the reason why are suffering and you have the gall to say all this '
today again '
this is today . 5 civilians have been killed and more than 40 others injured .  
    when do we get to see your report on streets of were bloodied again last night evermore '
every day is a black day in '
india is using troops in kashmir , they are loosing the battle of heart and mind .its like using crosin for cancer . '
bloodbath in kulgam - 8 martyred with scores injured - '
blood of 10 year old shaheed masroor ahmad lies on the trolley . masroor , a lone brother of 5 sisters was injured in near in encounter site .  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
barely 15 hrs after brutally killing a pregnant woman in pulwama , indian forces embark on yet another killing spree in kulgam - curfew imposed , internet suspended - '
our blood is so cheap ...all this usually happens in our kashmir ... india is giving their proof of being a democratic county .. indians don't have any right to call india a democratic state .. lol   is sleeping       "
      what about kashmiris living under the occupation of 6 lac indian army ... its a bigger scandal than that .. but   needs to open there eyes ... just look at the turnout in general election jn kashmir .... '
when the same is done by the other side we call it barbaric , unislamic blabla ... when will this oll end up ? alas ! evrydy we are lsng kashmiri's   "
    double the force strategy applied as you are already doing it in laroo encounter : 5 civilians dead , about 43 injured  
we mourn here every day &amp; wait for our turn to be mourned upon . such is our fate . will the soo called largest democracy justify the genocide of kashmiris .  
blood of 10 year old shaheed masroor ahmad lies on the trolley . masroor , a lone brother of 5 sisters was injured in near in encounter site .  
sunday : day of funerals monday : holiday tuesday : get back to normal then wait for the next funeral and repeat '
boodbath in 3 rebels , 5 civilians martyred . the identity of civilians is : 1 . ubaid ahmad 2 . irshad ahmad 3 . tajamul ahmad 4 . saqib maqbool 5 . masroor ahmad (10 years old ) '
hi david , yes so many from indian occupied kashmir face the same issue . our voices are being blocked bcz     do not believe in free speech and they are collaborating with the oppressors .  
massacre 8 more families lost their dear ones ,5 of them were civilians including 10 years old boy                 '
8 kashmiris have been martyred today . give your shtick a rest for the day , you despicable quisling ! let us mourn in peace .  
dear   , do you know there is a place called kashmir where indian military killed another 5 civilians ? '
          everyday but everyone is silent ... shameonworld .'
independence from the oppression ...  
    double the force strategy applied as you are already doing it in laroo encounter : 5 civilians dead , about 43 injured . the times of india hindustan times '
some of the grisly &amp; disturbing images coming from kulgam , , where indian troops have caused another massacre on civilians . keep a watch on the social media accounts of arab activists and see for yourself how much they care .  
if anyone is real careful about us that is pakistan and       '
    double the force strategy applied as you are already doing it in laroo encounter : 5 civilians dead , about 43 injured  
mortal shells are being fired at civilians in the kashmir valley . the same country will lecture others on human rights in the un . oh the irony ! '
blood of 10 year old slain masroor ahmad lies on the trolley . masroor , a lone brother of 5 sisters was injured in near in encounter site .  
                        rip humanity '
agents of     )  
we shoud shot dead first informers then we fight vd indian bloody army rest in peace shaheeds '
    shame on   shame on   '
indian occupied terrorists attacked civilians ..bodies every where ...5 innocent kashmiris martyed including 10 yrs old kid any shame ??            
the only thing that will unite us kashmiris is a united independent jammu and kashmir .  
death toll #9 at #3 rebels &amp; #5 civilians achieved martyrdom another civilian succumbed to injuries in district hospital &amp; around 20 civilians are critical injured  
another day started with blood bath . 3 freedom fighters and 5 civilians martyred by indian army ..  
we have a carnage unfolding in kulgam ! meanwhile hurriyat leadership calls for complete shutdown tomorrow in valley against the civilian killings in . '
picture of civilians who were killed in kulgam encounter ... occupation has to end it won't last forever !!!  
lie in a pool of blood near encounter site              
to                       from kashmir  
hell with occupation  
felling of hatred against is growing strong among with every                   "
kulgam massacre ..  
five civilians killed in kulgam , many injured . after encounter ended !! '
5 civilians , 3 mujahid brothers martyerd ,,, over 50 civilians got injured . mobile services snapped  
in danger of extinction .those years are very near to us when is no more in this planet earth . occupied illegal terrority .       '
curse be upon &amp; clan may they rot in hell till eternity bz it's him who brought these brute pugnacious killers into our like situation in only screaming , wailing &amp; ambulance sirens are being heard .   "
weekend massacre ! '
may allah almighty accept your sacrifices . heartening - 5 brothes martyred in  
pellets and bullets were not enough . that is why the brave indian army is now bombarding . but never ever we are hoing to surrender , we will fight with the occupiers in every single way . civilian toll rises to 5 . '
its better for the occupier to bomb us and take the land once for all . down with the oppressor and the mukhbirs . may you all rot in hell . '
why we even protesting against when it's mere a number for the oppressor . we were never human lives for them . "
!! bleeds . o-ive blood urgently required in kanglat mandi !! ya khudaya ! my home town in occupied bleeds '
masscare in indian occupied kashmir by indian forces . 7 martyered . more than 64 injured . homes destroyed . ya allah help us '
back in april i had tweeted this ,it's been 6 month's nearly and this genocide hasn't stopped .   "
sos o negative blood required at district hospital in islamabad (anantnag) for youth injured during kulgam gunfight . '
3 militants , 1 civilian killed in kulgam . civilian toll feared to rise . '
indias national investigating agency , notorious for implicating hurriyat leaders and activists in fake cases , a kashmiri youth muhammad ashraf khandey from indira gandhi international airport in new delhi . '
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
is bleeding ! the brutal face of hindu criminals commonly known as martyred 3 , one civilian &amp; dozen injured . curfew imposed in the area &amp; mobile internet &amp; voice calling barred . '
disturbing news coming from . reports say three civilians killed when a live shell exploded at encounter site in larnoo kulgam .   confirmed 1 civilian killed . '
hartal is the only option for the crimes committed by indian army against kashmiris . time to disband khurriyat and give mirwiaz permanent job in a local mosque . '
real face of india in  
no justice for kashmir ? indian army kill kashmiris because they want freedom they want to be the part of pakistan but the freedom fight will never stops until kashmir is freed from cruelties and atrocities '
the heart of pakistan kashmir is continuously facing cruelties and atrocities the bright future of kashmir the youth of kashmir is murdered every day is this humanity ? killing youth ? killing future ? killing kashmiris ? '
world's largest democracy massacred whole village in marrying 7 + injuring dozens thanku       are you watching       "
no justice freedom at any cost  
massacre in 3 rebels , 4 civilians martyred , 30 injured ... some critical . '
undescribable feelings for this  
three civilians feared dead and many injured in blast at encounter site in ,when they went to clear debris from a house after an encounter in which three militants were killed . '
at least 4 civilians seriously injured in blast in house where encounter took place in '
*#civilian many in post . identified as . _earlier three mujahideen martyerd , two amrymen injured .               '
civilian killed as open fire on protesters in kulgam kashmir . '
in indian troops in their fresh act of martyred three kashmiri youth in laroo area of kulgam as well as the authorities internet services and imposed like restrictions in the district .  
we wake up to prepare for a new funeral everyday .. '
we wake up to prepare for a new funeral everyday .. '
two soldiers injured in south kashmir encounter       '
congress is a muslim controlled party so victory in the muslim valley is no surprise . remember , congress allowed the genocide of 5 lakh kashmiri hindu pandits in the valley .  
agents of     ( this party's )   "
we remember the pain , we remember our martyrs .  
in 1947 indian occupation forces being welcomed by the traitor &amp; his supporters . sheikh abdullah was the worst nightmare that has fallen on the people of the wounds his treachery inflicted are still taking blood . '
in 1947 indian occupation forces being welcomed by the traitor &amp; his supporters . sheikh abdullah was the worst nightmare that has fallen on the people of the wounds his treachery inflicted are still taking blood .  
    so all this even if remotely true can be the cause for ? '
crpfjawan dies of cardiac arrest in baramulla       '
i cried when you passed away , i still cry today , although i loved you dearly , i couldnot make you stay , your golden heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest , allah swt broke my heart to prove to me he only takes the best ~  
children of lady firdousa who was martyred during cross firing in qasbayaar crying for their mother .  
    plz do something for humanity  
    plz do something  
      respected sir ,the same statement was used for kashmir also to check the gross human rights violations by indian army in occupied kashmir but in reality never done ,after all we kashmiris are humans also with a human heart . '
  is a jugular vain of        
this is how world thinks abt modi's india ...           "
in three journalists of the kashmir walla were by in nawab bazar area of srinagar city . the three journalists were as saqib mugloo , kaiser andrabi and bhat burhan , residents of srinagar '
will have its one day . i only want to live enough to see indias fall . dr but commander mannan wani , martyred by indian occupation forces in an encounter in , who sealed kashmirs fate in death .  
chairman jammu kashmir liberation front yasin malik and zonal president noor muhammad kalwal have been released from police custody today . yasin malik was arrested on 2 nd october 2018 while as noor muhammad kalwal on 09 th october .  
muslims have this blessing from , we don't celebrate anyone's death like     do .   "
after a month 4 g services will be restore tonight in south by banning internet in kashmir , oppressor india has itself proven that remains its 'colony' not the 'integral part .'   "
at least two army men were injured in a grenade attack on an army vehicle in pathan village of south kashmirs pulwama district on saturday evening . '
a 24 year young mujahid faizan frm bagh azad kashmir shot dead by indian army , allah will never spare anyone who see the injustices and become a silent spectator . don't blame on world's human organisations instead of blaming on muslim countries who silently watching   "
under attack . encounter encounter starts in pathan village of pulwama .. 2 -3 freedom fighters believed to be trapped in a residential area . two indian occupation forces injured in ongoing encounter . pray for the safety of our freedom fighters . '
encounter strated at pathan 2 rebels are believed to be trapped as per initial sources one armyman injured during ongoing exchange of fire more reinforcement are being called towards the site . '
that is precisely how you normalize the killing of civilians in . typical spin-doctors at work . where are your evidences   ?    
nobody in world cares for us .  
pakistan stops its dogs who are going to seduce kashmiris kashmiri has been fighting for the past 71 years war of pakistan's defense and survival of pakistan . we strongly condemn the statement of fayyaz ul-hasan chauhan basterd   "
like hundreds of killings it is another innocent killing in pregnant lady with expected baby  
a canidate in municipal poll in srinagar got 8 /9 votes . kashmiris have give their verdict in favour of by boycotting polls in iok . '
students protesting outside the pharmaceutical sciences department of ku against the killing of mujahid showkat ahmad . showkat was a student of the same department and completed his b . pharma thr . students raised pro azadi ,pro pak slogan  
the whole world talking about the journalist murder . what about our daily innocents martyers who got killed by india in occupied kashmir ? hypocrite shit world ! '
7 lac occupation troops are shit scared of one unborn child . '
in three journalists of the kashmir walla were by in nawab bazar area of srinagar city . the three journalists were as saqib mugloo , kaiser andrabi and bhat burhan , residents of srinagar  
demands    
first they started killing teenagers and now they're killing us inside wombs . "
      struggling ? azadi ? pakistan ? all r drama '
crpfjawan dies of cardiac arrest in baramulla       '
      right '
indian terrorist army in a fresh act of state terrorism martyred 4 kashmiri youth .  
this is inhumane and immoral too bleeding &amp; bleeding but       are sleeping no one taking them seriously ya allah madad  
i believe that   and   have grown up watching this girl . they notice everything but still act like they don't .   "
pregnant woman shot dead by indian army ,with her unborn child allah will never spare anyone who see the injustices and become a silent spectator . don't blame on world's human organisations instead of blaming on muslim countries who silently watching   "
even pregnant ladies are not spared . it's nothing more than a doomsday . if this isn't the worst form of terrorism then i don't know what the heck is .       "
one more shameful n coward act by indian army ...killed a pregnant woman in pulwama last night . the   is sleeping and doesn't care at all .               "
can't hold my tears seeing the pregnant woman of my village succumbing to bullets . spare a thought for the child she already was a mother of , the other one she was carrying in her womb and she , herself . devastation , destruction and chaos ! rest in heavens , sister . "
blast by in civil area of village in . damaged cousing inconvenience to civilians .  
the lady who died in firing in was pregnant and was having six months foetus .  
on 19 /10/1995 : nadeem khatees friend , dr haji shabir was shot dead in rajbagh for advocating kashmir cause by indian army and hindu pundits .   "
