the experience of military repression on the people of indian occupied has been brutalizing . pellet-firing shotguns by have been responsible for blinding , killing and traumatizing hundreds of people in kashmir .  
the issue of kashmir is crisis of humanity and human rights violation that world needs to recognize . the atrocities in must stop . see what the world has to say about this . ~human rights watch , world report , 2017 .  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
very disturbing to see committed police men in targetted by the terrorists . urge the to send perpetrators to hell asap . '
        india is a terrorist state and killing unarmed kashmiris from last 72 years and violating resolutions but activits are death silent on it  
i strongly condemn that   's account has been withheld by   on the order of government . such a shame it is . how long you'll hide the truth .         "
ignorant /unwise   just face the truth &amp; fact . ur guru   tweet regarding mosque ......          
    gao mutteria troll on the loose .. '
update &gt;&gt;&gt; journalist ajaz dar got injured after hit by pellets in meemender shopian while performing professional duties . he has been referred to distt hospital shopian .    
8 ind ..n sponsored terrorists including an officer were injured in a blast at rajwar area of handwara in north kashmirs kupwara district on tuesday .   '
pak awaam will die of hunger &amp; povertyall money will go to terrorists parliament house miguel hernndez halloween eve  
firing on kashmiries from front . shame on u modi &amp; rawat  
check !!! pandits were driven out of by the indian brahmin governor jagmohan associated with brahmin terror group &amp; indian agencies . indian state transported them to &amp; dumped them in tents .  
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .        
we stand with innocent kashmir people shame animal indian army , you are brutally killing innocent kashmiris . allah please forgive us and give freedom to kashmiris people . why indians are not accepting un resolution , let kashmir people them decide what they want .  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
you live 1000 s miles away from or you wanted to know more about why and want to see justice prevail then this thread and article by a .g.noorani is a start              
freedom  
  is a pakistani supported by indians and indians hated by muslims and so called converted christians !! '
        is anyone awaken ?? inhuman act of direct firing on unarmed civilians .      
__ ___ terrorism on , those who claim that , they are aren't living in &amp; affected by war &amp; terror . just look at this image &amp; shame .   "
let's take a moment to pay tribute to our real heroes ! they sacrificed their lives for nation salutes your bravery ! alive in our hearts   "
youth is the best time to shape ones future      
interaction with sarpanches of dangerpora , shadipora , gund roshan , kawapora &amp; panjinara , ; emphasised upon the benefits of panchayati raj &amp; peoples power in democracy  
        a dastardly , cowardice act of killing a dutiful honest sub-inspector of   ! and now a pdp worker ! appeasement of terrorists and stone-pelters by politicians must stop . '
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .#kashmirbleeds    
viral pic of naveed babu after forces vandalised his home ,        
unknown asked questions the hypocrisy of hizbul commander in riyaz .  
shame on u nonsense rawat  
  heart wrenching post from   wall of si imtiaz mir . nobody can control tears are for such type of brave officer of   wasnt my son a ? if his killing will get us , then let them kill us too .  
heart wrenching relatives and family members of pdp worker mohammad ameen dar who was killed by . may his soul rest in peace  
observance of &amp; by   '
kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful .  
peoples live in stone age .  
  you say that   has opened the door for terrorists in kashmir , from 1980 kashmir has   govt according to you , charasi ho ka be '
leaders exposed by this video .  
my article on quora about pakistan occupied kashmir , please do read  
turmoil , and hartaals have a devastating impact on and development .  
an open letter by the family of   s shaheed mir imtiaz 2 who abducted &amp; murdered him via his fb account . wasnt my son a ? if his killing will get us , then let them kill us too .  
indian intelligence agencies killed police si on the orders of top police officials . local people say that top police offocials were not happy with him because he alwys opposed disproportionate force against stone pelters . '
turmoil , and hartaals have a devastating impact on and development    
nexus of terrorism and hurriyat will ruin kashmir    
words kill wars  
stop brutalities and aggression in iok . btw where is international human rights ??atleast they should also speak out for downtrodden but nobody can take this matter seriously !! sab kisi zaroori kam se so rahy !! '
don't have any words left for his murderers now : you killed a man who loved kashmir ... kill us all , says post on fb page of slain j &amp;k cop mir imtiyaz         "
firing on kashmiries from front . shame on u modi &amp; rawat  
kashmir is bleeding and the humanity is sleeping ! shameful .  
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .  
  's account has been withheld in india in response to a legal demand . learn more ."
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .  
love and prayers for kashmir !  
we condemned the excessive use of force and crackdown against civilian population by indian army and police in shopian , kulgam and pulwama districts in south  
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and brutality . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir . '
stop killing muslims people in kashmir  
              don't know what is narendra doing about it ? while spokesperson   talks about kashmir burns . sadly no one wants to talk about like falling growing unemployment         "
heartwrenching scenes from encounter site .. india is a terrorist state . shame on you india  
as a pakistani , everyone should condemn brutality of indian army in kashmir . '
the hidden truth on kashmir issue : behind the scene exposed    
it is time we stood against indian tyranny and bruatlity . this issue should be resolved as soon as possible in order to alleviate the suffering of the people of kashmir .  
