huh ?? watt u talkingg aboutt ?? lol   '
  lol i love tea but i like coffee first thing in the morning , it wakes me up '
rt   over 10,000 people made the call for a human rights act for australia . there's still time .   "
  lol , no o .o it's just an awesome web design community , where a lot of site owners hang out and submit graphics :p "
rt     web design /development, seo , flash , html /css,xhtml,php, e-commerce ,magneto,joomla,mambo '
  eu tambm comprei o 1 fascculo de figuras de ao star-wars o darth vader muito massa :d '
22 tweets | voando baixo blog archive tragdia no mxico : tudo sobre o mundo do automobilismo . comente !easil..   '
rt   :good list of people to follow from who are twittering largely from the ground here :   '
clay guida tweets : clay guida popular twitter searches -     '
  omg just seen a clip of 1 of ur siginins n all of thos fans n just u it actually made me feel anxios n a bit scared when they '
flood advisory issued june 21 at 4 :20pm akdt expiring june 21 at 9 :45pm akdt by nws fairbanks     '
nice ! i like it rt   first picture of my unfinished back piece ever .   '
  '
rt @ aliastes twitter mata ! :o garota morre eletrocutada enquanto 'twittava' na banheira   "
rt   : i suppose it might help if obama came out in strong support of the iran protesters , but i seriously doubt he will do that ... '
trying to decide between making another run at yammer here at work or begging to get a laconica server set up . pretty sure both will be ftl '
:talent managers face big changes as management biz reorganizes   '
  , ya you know lah gue lg kesel sm siapa , hahah '
the 71 's - live in houston w / electric touch - buy tickets now !   "
tim harford article how can we tell incompetent from unlucky ...: gordon brown &#39;s first line of defence i ..   '
listening to "tears for fears - head over heels "   ~84tre '
  - famous su silk of peonies '
rt   : solomon : gop and chavez on iran :   '
  #/mousavi?ref=nf..mousavi facebook '
: i tried to rt that michael jackson joke fro   but didn't do it right . she gets all the credit !: i tri   "
listen to itch and fruitbag co-hosting the radio one punk rock show at 2 am tonight alongside members of the grit , and mike davis ! '
the soviet   '
  (???)   '
uk govt wants underground mobile coverage by 2012 olympics   '
all new ultra ult 40391 dual molex to 6 -pin adapter !   '
brightidea : the family business consulting group publishes article on ... - pr web (press release ): p ..   '
  swaggercheck com interview with dj prostyle     '
photo : iamblessed :   '
  apprantly he had made a joke about mj or something . '
thx , just helping - rw's the star . rt   : word on street ,   and   have a big preso on twitter success today . "
welcome to day 10 of brown bag season   '
voc conhece a make-a-wish brasil ? confira em www .makeawish.org.br o trabalho dessa turma que realiza desejos de crianas super especiais ! '
graduation tomorrow ! '
  - bumpits in action . they give me a kinda june carter look . excuse me looking like a hot mess . '
twitter fam , did u go find me on facebook ?   | facebookers tweet me ->   '
buvau chore .lauke nesveikai karta .pagaminau altibarius ir salot broliui .dabar truput pailssiu ir eisiu ruotis kelionei . '
does anyone still get confused because of time zones ?   '
"the bride , 27, will continue to use her name professionally . " amanda congdon . why ?   who thinks of her as a pro ? '
rt   awesome icon sets for iphone applications   new blog post ! '
rt   oh , do tell ! which tweet was it ? in any case , i do apologize :) '
818 -205-9033 number comes up for a douglas kushla and jr s salmon , its the number for instinct magazine '
iraq transfers contractors to u .s. custody : two american contractors being held by iraqi authorities were handed ..   '
don't want to be a walking swine flu red flag . mom hypothesizes : my 6 swollen mosquito bites --&gt;mild fever --&gt;lonely quarantine in asia -_-. "
perhaps former pres . bush shouldn't speak extemporaneously ... ever .. "
  wow . well then , maybe we need to form a team . might have to change my plans for next tues and go in for it .     '
vodka '
rt   : rt :   : meet you tomorrow 4 :30 funeral ceremony of , niloofar mosque ! '
rt :     mj's kids are so white , i wonder if mj also bleached his sperm <--ommgg i didn't wanna laugh =x "
rt   : everyone plz e-mail sophie .mutter@express.co.uk & complain about appalling photo of mj dying on this week's ok mag . plz rt ! "
[] mikemania ep [some different area ]   '
today is the 3.0 update , and the 15 th anniversary of oj's white bronco . yeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! "
herbal bath bar   '
  yo free u aiight ? try to stay calm . wat happened ? '
  green tape in action ... '
rt   : what a lovely event .check my blog for photos and recipes next week-great drinks for summer . marthas tweeting like diddy . '
it's a deb perry wells county picture ! rt   : myindianasummer pic : one room school   "
6 rpg   '
lifestyle : chips off the ol &#39; block   '
get 100 followers a day using   '
rt   :   gonna be djing it uphttp ://twitpic.com/711n6 tonight toons down town san jose the vip list is cazy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! '
feeding the day at corner bakery cafe .   '
latest episode of marketing online live is live -   '
rt   : whoo-hoo ! another fun filled day of p90x ! note to self : acupuncture works :) '
seuicideal friends , i have many . loud music , love it . the look on ur face when i tell u i love u , cute as can be .... '
i just deposited money into my swiss bank account .   '
rt   grande jogo , veremos que no campeonato do mundo ! mais uma coisa .... chupa-lo hahaha '
  whehehe '
impressive piece of carving !   (via   ) '
tough times never last , but tough people do '
new foreclosure rules to start monday - sacramento business , housing market news | sacramento bee -   '
we six deep this year some old some new '
rt   : $129.90 ~ 08 cwb answer wakeboard binding ~   '
just commenced with setting up a twitter account '
drew a moogle . he looks mischevious , like a little cute cut-purse should '
rt   : (~~) '
america's top cooperatives . you'll be surprised about some of their identities .   "
rt la france a peur   : au cas o , une vido-map des aroports les plus dangereux du monde   '
rt   : vaccine rejectors put kids at risk   '
well , the pergola is officially finished ! hurrah ! results below . painting garage today if it stays dry .   '
rt   study : adhd drugs linked to sudden death in kids :   by health mag's   "
i just attacked   and lost .   '
so much for it being follow friday - i lost three followers today . not that i have much in the first place , mind . '
oogle lana canal no youtube para ensinar jornalismo   '
jus got home from the penny ! had a great nite wit my lovez erika ivory n meg !! love them bitches &lt;3 '
  he had a touhou shirt on two other days iirc . '
learning ableton live 7 all my producers with tips hit me up ! '
health care consensus elusive so far : ... is scheduled to begin -- less than 30 on the legislative calendar -- a ..   '
listen to   interview and read   at   '
  '
rt suspensas as atividades no campus da at segunda-feira , dia 29 . '
: :$205 ..   '
  coloco amanha as fotos no orkut orca albina ! '
usatoday - first lady launches summer service initiative   '
rt @: rt from iran : confirmed - hospital source - hundrends injured saturday - '
on my way to nj '
this exclusive gift comes complete with a 70 cl bottle of ready-mixed pimms , two retro red ..   '
chillin watchin above and beyonce on bet , abt to smoke , '
fausta &#39;s blog blog archive an object lesson on credit swaps   '
bryant park   looks like rain :( '
  pirralhinha *-* eu ia la na tua casa hoje mas deu priguia . quis vim logo pra casa pra flar praminha irm q eu tava de ferias rsrs '
says enough of this emo shit (lol)   '
  abafa assunto ! melhor para a humanidade huahuahuahua '
for all users - i am sure you will love this - iphone turned projector - next gen technology -   '
    '
my daily twittascope -   '
hardcore black camel toe porn videos   '
darling 'may strip bank of powers '   "
she checks her pulse . gotta know if her hearts still beating '
    - you arr the sechs '
ok , my raamdev aim account is definitely screwed up . when i try to sign in it says can't get buddy list . i sign in w / another sn & it works . "
whoa ! get over 300 followers everyday from :   '
an inside look at   rt   '
rt   so are they gonna bury him as a muslim or a christian ? will the bahrain king attend the funeral ? >> good question . '
rt   im 2 away from 700 followers !! im almost there <<<<< yooooo he 2 away fam follow follow followwwwwwwwww '
read this really funny yaoi :) (http://bit.ly/2rj4da '
  who are you ? '
i said ....no fucking way !   '
10,000 followers , easy !:   '
ooookaayy my hand is shaking , it doesn't want to release the mouse ! internet junkie i am grrrr ahhh i have to force it off !! "
rt     i'm glad you're in my corner . good looking out for a friend / agents get 15 % ..lol "
    the arg is moot , we wont agree . i refuse to say elvis is a king or even great ,he is just anothet whte guy who profited off us '
rt   die neuen menschen   (via   ) '
requesting an invite for tweetboard alpha (http://tweetboard.com) by   , for my site :   '
  nada ...just working hard for no money =/ '
rt @ brian_mcguffey "to accomplish great things , we must not only act , but also dream ; not only plan , but also believe ." - anatole france '
rt   rt   : the lazy environmentalist's green tips for slackers :   "
i miss jordy :( '
whoosh . that's the sound of me getting everything of my chest . thanks for listening , best friend . &lt;333 your truely amazing . "
verizon's $199 laptop offer targets an on-the-go publicoakland pressthe netbook ran efficiently , with only a rare glitch , as i watched vi .. "
  - such cuties '
rt   :   - malugay street flood . '
blogt 'hammer pants dance '   "
seattle festival of dance improvisation august 2 -9. early registration deadline july 6 . top dance improv teachers .   '
rt   : nc to cut wncw funding (barring a miracle ) - reprecussions soon to follow   '
rt   : mapping the protests in tehran , via bbc :   '
queeeeeee fome deus . going have breakfast '
  lol mmmmm now im hungry lol i almost bot some churros from el pollo loco tonight but i didnt :/ i wish i did lol '
where's the hose for this wildfire ! "
gonna be a great day !! :) '
  danke . '
yes we can !!! rt   : hope is here ! he's barack obama .. he's here to save the day !   "
yeah ... '
10 ui design patterns you should be paying attention to   this is very interesting '
praise , worship and prayer : father , as i attempt to relay   '
  so i can use an unlocked iphone on alltel ? any limitations when i do that ? '
happy fathers day ! '
nhabitants , and all the people that we saw in it are of great heigh '
  you don't ? you don't what ? wear stilettos ? you gotta ! :) "
  i'm up !! "
rt   : alexander mcqueen spring /summer 2010 sneakers   '
new blog post : mesothelioma knowledge : minnesota mesothelioma lawyer ...</b>   '
'
blink -182 should play toast & bananas live ! '
rt   cool online gallery of freeform crochet   '
former j-schooler finds a new media job : using twitter to help his business as a drug dealer .   '
video : chickens don't grow on trees - or supermarkets .   "
rt   : rt the largest public square in the world , full of people - amazing sight ! -   '
20 keer oplichten op je 27 e : 27 -jarige oosterhoutse heeft nu al ruim 20 gevallen van oplichting op haar naam staan   '
tonight : reverberations : if there &#8217;s one thing oaklanders can relate to , it &#8217;s devastating fires and h ..   '
rt   last day to bid on the one of a kind aasnes 1 snes pc case mod   please retweet . '
rt from iran : plz rt : write "where is my vote ?" on money . will travel thru iran . spend , avoid deposit to bank 4 replacemnt . '
aw , what a disappointing loss for south africa ! but they played very well this cup , can't wait for world cup 2010 . "
rt   : winners never quit & quitters never win .vince lombardi <- so where did the term "quit while you \'re winning come " from ? '
lobo nanalo sa banff (canada) world television festival   '
rt     '
found some size 8 shorts in slims with tabs to tighten at gap on sale ! hopefully they will fit my skinny tall son ! '
jorge c ., o piratinha da blogosfera . '
  he gonna make me not wanna record he is the goat '
for many like adam roach , hockey is simply act one : one of the greatest things about the game of hocke ..   '
watching "monk" then heading off to bed . good night everyone . '
  - she'll be on the runway much sooner than expected . "
lose weight , weight loss and self-help programs | wish everyone ...: there are many find authors , consultants , p ..   '
throwback track : fabolous ft . p . diddy & jagged edge : fast forward to 0 :41 in this video . dude next to fab in th ..   '
  and in less than 140 characters '
i just posted "lowest sign-up and lowest per month requirement on the inter-net !!! liquid too ! 60 day n ..." at epage   '
looks exciting ... rt   : balloons !   '
google money master review home - google money master review : google money master review . we review the world's ..   "
is now playing : ottawan - d .i.s.c.o. - listen live at   '
                '
rt   : twitter has democratized access to information . the impact of this change will continue to be felt for some time to come . '
  &gt;=( '
design determines results   '
alla sdana hr saker r fortfarande under utveckling alt . utvrdering - sen kan man lgga ut beskrivningarna p ..   '
the credit trap and how to escape it -   '
i need a le mans feed ! anybody got one ? ohhhh yea !   '
  :) '
my sister never listens to me . '
on my way downtown . i'll be at the bar waiting for people to show up . it is incredible outside "
suave giveaway     win 4 products of products '
  well idk cuz im doing my hair today '
zapcap : 'i survived a japanese game show ' season premiere : zapcap : 'i survived a japanese game sh ..   "
\\"schweinegrippe\\"-fall nummer 96   '
  hey where are you at mallorca ?? '
from idea of the day   '
rt   : get your free hostgator laptop sticker now . :) details and instructions here :   '
when the money goes will the hunnies stay ?? '
lol how hungry r u   '
  ...love it ! '
myspace loses (to) face (book)   '
rt urgent :   and   are fake websites setup by government to collect information '
  naw , i was wrong , glit is male . you're all set ! "
rt   se acerca el ltimo   de la temporada , te lo vas a perder ?   '
about to take a little road trip with   and   '
hope john is feeling better since his hospital stay . it's great know you can trust your friends . some friends truly deserve eachother . "
  my phone is like dead (murdered) actually . so later ? '
is it possible to love a bowl ? by splogue on oxo good grips stainless steel mixing bowl , 5 -quart   '
later on rn at 2 am [sat] counterpoint : because all great minds don't think the same ...   "
get paid for life ! - the best online coaching club for making money !   '
poor micheal jackson .. he was the shit . he created thriller for gods sakes ! r .i.p. ~last nights tribute watching moonwalker = win '
rt   : me : you know who fredrick douglas is right ? my nephew : yeah the slave with the crazy hair . hilarious ! lollol '
rt   : rt   rt   :           '
rt   : microsoft's retail pricing for win 7 . it's basically same as vista :   "
  ya que falta casi nada '
fresh bay area halibut , pulled out a liver that i am thinking would make a good app ? '
  lol !! '
minha tia fez pizza ,quem ja comeu sabe .salvou a segundo-feira '
comercialmente falando ...foi pior que o dia das mes !! '
  those are both very cute ! how did you come across the moda web site ? i could get in alot of trouble at that site '
best buy father's day specials :   "
kurz und ntzlich : 5 tipps zum twittern mit guten beispielen via     /ami '
just heard a comrehensive list of all names for penis '
microsoft windows 7 price cut seen as good strategic move : microsoft windows 7 price cut seen as good strategic ..   '
rt :   : : it's not that i'm so smart , it's just that i stay with problems longer . ~albert einstein "
glutengladiator : gluten free breakfast in nyc   glutengladiator : gluten free breakfast ..   '
  - menno prepares next webinar '
congress 111, house vote : vote 336 : h res 430 : question : on motion to suspend the rules and agree , as amended . ..   '
  po , eu nem sabia disso '
jethro tull & l . micarelli ~ simply amazing ! :d   ~8556c '
ready for friday . book special coming soon . details to follow . '
ajudem o   a chegar aos 1000, faltam apenas 39 ! (rt por favor ) '
on a productivity hot streak . twitter , i'm going out for a while . "
7 .. .. rt   ! .. '
my daily twittascope -   '
  true ... '
trying whosaround app on iphone .   '
new blog post travel loans australia | australian personal finance articles   ... '
  that all sounds brilliant ! i'd definitely love to hear some tips ;) i hope you can get the time off "
  go head lol '
special weather statement issued june 30 at 5 :38pm edt expiring june 30 at 6 :45pm edt by nws newyorkcity /upton h ..   '
an analysis of .   '
made it . hello wsir '
cure snoring   eliminate moles /warts   fast acne cure   '
kazakh academic discusses the future of kazakh online media : the kazakh public is actively discussing a slew of ..   '
i blame the cubs loss on having to work . pls call vht to file official complaints . ;) on the el to meet up with the ladies in wrigleyville '
  alienware m17x '
rt   : "motivation will almost always beat mere talent ."norman augustine '
what a princess ...http://bit.ly/qjluu '
  the twitpocalypse is almost upon us . what ever will we do ?!   '
just added myself to the   twitter directory under : '
rt   working on the patio   .cat tonight , come get your drink fast out there !! :) '
great fathers day . spending time with my baby '
maryland is a tiny state ... but its frigging a bazillion hours to the beach . go figure . '
rt   learn wordpress in three days ! | extreme trix   (via   ) '
ny teknik : google satsar p sms i afrika : google kliver nu in p den afrikanska kontinenten . men in ..   '
  hahaha ... i love it ! its real ! '
in wenigen minuten habe ich ein coaching - mehr dazu unter   '
watching 'jtv's archive and clip area sucks ' on cloud 8745 's channel   "
britney t lindssima morena . fica assim , piranha . '
just made a twitter tweet tweet ! '
i just attacked   and lost .   '
pictures of my 40 mile tractor fun run   '
you ain't gonna jump no more   "
rt   : worst daily mail poll ever . vote yes to skew the results and pass it on   (via   ) '
first family fireworks : obama invites staffers , their families to join him at the white house on july 4 to watch ..   '
lortab kickn in ;kramps is ah btch '
  are you prasenjitdey ? can my business   meet your needs ? thanks for your idea '
    lmao .   '
money saving tips & postage problem   '
est passando "os embalos de sbado noite ". ok , provavelmente eu no vou ver isso , mas vou sair daqui . captulo terminado , ento , tv ! '
  '
how-to-use-twitter-for-profits -   '
  what did the text say ? =p '
last .fm&gt; moby flying foxes :     '
verkoopsignalen : "zelfs als de aex naar 275 gaat , kun je dit negatief uitleggen . nu denk ik dat we dat nive ..   '
hmm , i wonder if the boy is coming home for lunch ? better get dressed , just in case :0 '
rt   i am with you in that robin ,i will miss her :-) '
more on cotto vs pacman   '
seems day 2 of ribfest isn't much better than day 1 ... but it is hotter !! wow ! "
rt   : bayfest stamp = fail whale   <- awesome ! '
  so glad he's doing better ! i don't think travis was wild about his platoon either . he's bored and ready to go back ! my marine "
new post : what i have always believed - real estate websites as with other online data can be a good lead indicator   '
lunch at wagamamas however was excellent '
aos que trabalham comigo : "o termometro do sucesso meramente a inveja dos descontentes " salvador dali '
sns '
alice tt assen practice sessions : everyjoe - sports news - tech ...: the 2009 motogp season has been a real bar ..   '
so bored right now :| '
rt :   : a vida poderia ser um pouco mais simples , se os clientes ouvissem as indicaes de ns profissionais !...\\o/ '
  - the transmission cavity '
  not any more . lsu fans need to step it up ! '
  : "old school "   ~88ucq '
almost at 200 followers '
just changed my twitter background , check it out ! found it at   '
david archuleta backgrounds !! '
is global warming slowing down the wind ? whole travel blog : tagged : emissions , ghg , global warming , greenhouse ..   '
yes ! i beat the rain . no drowned cat for me today . '
from mah gal christy @ 6006 n fwy - work begins on internal waterfalls at gallery furniture ! -   '
i just took the "what should your real name be ???" quiz and got : maddie ! try it :   '
non-stop coverage of michael jackson's death will continue , whether or not there is anything to report . journalism ! (via   ) "
rt   :   i cant tell you how much we enjoyed having u here this weekend . really i can't . there are laws , you know .. "
police : tv pitchman billy mays found dead at home   '
    - tiraaaa tira tira tiraaa ! (olha o coro ) '
i'm waiting for the night to fall when everything is bearable and there in the still all that you feel is tranq ...   ~94357 "
went searching for a let the right one in 2 nd press here and couldn't find it &lt;/3 "
  i love the biscuits too ...with a big ol ' hunk of fried chicken in the middle :d "
    '
sometimes i wonder ....do you ? '
rt   "i didn \'t think nobody still cared about us ." and you would be correct , dj paul ! '
or straight . rt   i like my women like i like my coffee , with no penis . '
online games ! dnd ! :))   '
@ peterpolaco ru wrestling this weekend in springfield ? '
malcolm gladwell necc key note -   '
  because he's old school ...lol "
  suuuuuuuuuuucka ! =p '
this game is to darn close '
pre party radio is now playing : friends fro change - change (maurice's time for a change remix ..   "
quando eu finalmente acreditei que poderia ter todos os meus email direcionados para um s , o hotmail no deixa . como eu odeio o hotmail . '
rt   is rather sickened by bca pleading lack of resources suing a journalist . and why did they not just show the ... '
last (?) beer at debaser ... :-) '
rip mj '
that was fun ! my first show 12 certs 4 the green economy   '
  thanks homie ! ill b there next thurs no problems ! yall hold it down ! cheaaa '
(bollywood actor arrested in rape case )   '
dell says it has earned $3 million from twitter   '
rt   ftc changes and social media   '
spilled a whole cup of coffee at ihop . damn this tiny table ! '
2010 brochure request . you can now pre-order our 2010 brochures here .....http://www.coxandkings.co.uk/brochurerequest.aspx '
rt   : you sold the tech to spy . post the know-how to get around it now . u have blood on ur hands . rt '
5 top returns   tomorrow ! tom becker and dan tobin drop by to talk dead celebrities with the 5 top morning team .   '
  no no - i'm already way ahead of you , buddy ! "
  sim =)   valeu =d '
relgio de mesa com led . eu quero =&gt;   '
rt   i will be picking 5 tweeters who send at random to receive xbox 360 map pack 2 codes - starting now . '
you can now edit your saved comments and include your twitter id when commenting on my blog !   '
prepay phones from verizon wireless . pay as you go cell phones can save money . best deal on prepaid pda and cell phones .   '
  omg $2 tees don't miss this . "
rt   holy crap ! -   the future of film editing ? it looks like walter murch's version of minority report . "
el sin pierna ella sin brazo , ma li () and zhai xiaowei () ballet ...   '
  "i murder the competition you heard that i \'m on a mission " - jay barz '
liked "breaking: cnn (cable news network ) changing name to cnnfail (censored news network for ahmadinejad \'s..."   '
win a pair of pediped originals !!!   '
for rent : 2 br /1ba duplex w /bonus room in charleston , sc , $1,150/month -   '
i cannot talk , but i'm listing to everyone rite now ! call 1 -866-634-0822 room id is 221073 "
verdienste von stadtkmmerer walter wernsmann gewrdigt   '
ahhhh neuer inglorious basterds-trailer *___*   +muhihi+ '
new post op golfchat pga tour tiger woods 2009   '
rt   : rt   : house passes historic clean energy and climate bill today , thanks to your grassroots support . '
  here \'s one where she explains it & sounds clearer and "deeper." it \'s so funny !   '
  lmao @ r &b guys . so true . i generally avoid those . '
live with taj and bobbi (broadcasting live at   '
my fav moment was when jamie foxx & neyo performed ill be there . i also loved drake , and wayne . the show was awesome , r .i.p michael jackson ! '
  merril the space cadet-gangsta girl   lmao '
oakland gyro w /   ! hahaha '
bridal shower !   '
rt   :   so u dont like the way he gave u a ride ???? lmao !!!! hahahahaha good one , lol '
here he is in all his pink shirt glory ...   '
cedar point to hold all-american fourth of july extravaganza weekend !   '
    ,i have to see this guy everymorning when i come in the office !! lol '
: rt   . " '
i just took the "how old are you in your heart ?" quiz and got : 30 -45 years old ! try it :   '
wirtschaft im gesprch : adelheid brgi-schmelz fhrt die statistik-abteilung des imf   '
rt   : myspace prepares for 'massive' layoffs : report - reuters   "
rt   rt   retweeting   : rt   : @ msnid 2829 '
cute ! rt   : between the dream's inspiration and its manifestation , there's going to be a lot of perspiration !~ john maxwell "
california man arrested again for falsely claiming to be attorney   '
mendadak kelaperan (hungry)   '
and afterall youre my wonderwall ... '
rt . no service fees on all 4 -packs! wed 6 /24 only @   follow & rt 2 win   '
lovely re-launch of michael caines cafe bar & grill at abode manchester last night   '
antonio carlos reclamou da arbitragem : o zagueiro e capito do atltico , antonio carlos saiu reclamando da arbi ..   '
'yale is a good school ' 'yellow? no thats what you are !' -my grandpa "
father don camillo and mayor peppone enigma of tiger terror politics   '
writing ......... '
packing it up - im going to la tomorrow for the audition on monday :) im super excited but yet im trying ...   '
ugh move one marble the wrong way and it makes every thing tumble . '
my daily twittascope -   '
is at starbucks with dasha and anar . what monstosities ! '
i support ! traffic jams suck rt   : minnesota state officials push work from home to cut traffic   '
rt   real-time visualization of global web trends . see attacks view - fascinating glimpse at hacker geodensity   '
paulson's hedge fund buys distressed debt , mortgage securities - bloomberg   "
quer um podcast sobre apps do iphone ? appslappy -   '
check this out : chevrolet : corvette 40 th anniv one owner , 26 k mile 1993 chevrolet corvette 40 th anniv !   '
historische computerwerbung : todesgre aus dem laufwerk   '
portland's jupiter hotel   julyvacation "
7   '
creative & funny shipping notice [pic]   '
get 100 followers a day using   '
nico banco europeu de clulas do tecido do cordo umbilical fez 400 colheitas em meio ano   '
just woke up . gonna go shower then probably gong to dover . '
rt   in celebration of the launch of   i am giving away a njoy pure wand . retweet to enter '
hello uploaded some revealing pictures at   ttyl (you must register first ) '
straight to retirement for good ! rt   : go favre ! '
3 .   '
rt   tweetpysch : twitter psychological profiling has arrived -   (via   ) '
hoje ... a midia est polarizada na passagem do astro pop m jackson . quem agradece o senador jos sarney com esse desvio !!! '
  you guys getting the iphone 3 g [s]? '
  thx for the rt '
pattern is movement -   - opened for st . vincent . new sound , the drummer is ...   '
    - what the heck is all around you brad ? '
live from blogger : : did egypt even show ? don't tread on us !!! but we still needed one more .   "
rt   rt   : m . wesch quoting carl rogers : "when i look at the world i \'m pessimistic , but when i look at people i am optimi ... '
  no insurance . none ! '
"tudo de mais belo que encontrei na natureza ..."   ~92tg8 '
must make frozen banana pops as soon as possible . mmm ...   '
fugnger beim rckwrtsfahren erfasst und verletzt   '
  yea if u get like 2 more u should gone hed n get u a hater twitter just for all ya haters 2 follow u on '
betfair news daily racing tips : keep it secret buts its time to back mccoy again ...   '
  - 100 monkeys crocodile rock allentown pa '
is feasting on the lollipop beatrice gave me . :d   '
robby for sexiest man alive ..http://bit.ly/ypgow '
this nigga mase is just wrong ..lol..http://bit.ly/jjwxc '
spektakulrer knochenfund im paulusgrab - deutsche welle   '
sobra uma certa revolta em mim . como defender o ensino brasileiro se ningum mais acredita no diploma ?no fcil ser professora e idealista '
rt   : check out this tribute to michael jackson feat myself ,game,chris brown ,polo, mario winans boyziimen   '
ai que chuuuuva , ai que sooono . '
rt   : stop waiting for the moment in time that will change your life . '
      me apunto ^^ xd '
what not to do when handling client politics :   '
deutschland im finale bei u21 -em: die deutsche u21 -nationalmannschaft hat erstmals seit 1982 wieder ein endspiel ..   '
rt   : hospitality : making your guests feel like they're at home , even if you wish they were . "
obese patients will soon pay nearly double for ems care in parts of kansas . is this fair ? go to ksn .com and take our viewer poll . '
yes i am but not for a lil while :)   '
keep an eye on your seo when switching to cms   with   '
today was kinda fun '
  - awesome dovetail off of an ambulance flying east on 58 th in . '
share :   '
    - jealous !!!! i have to wait til tuesday ! lol ...and wow ! love how it's only me and joe tweeting . hahaha "
my daily twittascope -   '
unsolved mysteries on you tube ... awesome . '
rt   let us be grateful to people who make us happy , they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom - proust '
  how do you become a glambassador ? '
rt   : excellent statement from mrs jenny sanford :   sounds like a class act . '
  having fun :) '
rt   <-- we launched the "twitter guide book " today - a hub for twitter tips . hope you enjoy it :) (via   ) '
the morris family adventure : anxiously awaiting swim class   '
i have asked him to help us save the human race from being driven to extinction by global warming because i think he might know the answers '
  omj ...nick i can't believe it ! your so smart ...i hope you can be president some day ! i love you ! ~victoria~ "
goodmorning tweets ! happy valentine's day &lt;333 "
rt   rt new proxy server is up 4 protesters who need it . ip is 69.92 .182.124 port is 2100 .#iranelection '
cindy crawford milftastic in july 2009 spanish vogue (lq) - the phun .org forum - new world of entertainment !: ol ..   '
why do you have to personalise the answerphone message on 3 ? sounds stupid to me =/ '
  '
  haha probably ! good to know we have ninjas guarding our pools ! '
analogy awry : he was deeply in love . when she spoke , he thought he heard bells , as if she were a garbage truck backing up .*tears* '
50   '
new stuff i just got my inheritance . is paying off my mortgage sensible ?243   '
ribbonwood cottage : june 14, flag day , decorating , our anniversary ...   '
rt   : busiest monday ever in life . '
you can make $2,566,863.30 just by referring 3 people and a life-time membership fee of only $3!   '
rt   twitterature : 19 year-olds score twitter book deal   (via   ) '
eh going to bed ... so sleepy today was ...great! '
mariah carey dressed as eminem in the video for her new single obsessed - scary   '
  o .0 jajajajajajaja estas en pleno crecimiento que comes asi ? jajajaj '
  tell them you're not going & come out here ! "
suffering with an eye infection '
zo , weer 25 euro erbij van lieve tante die me kwam feliciteren terwijl ik nog in mijn badjas zit . dadelijk maar eens aankleden en naar werk . '
  /   '
i'm the muffin man yes the muffin man ... "
rt   : post-it-note stop motion video .   '
  thats awesome steve ...what os was it running ? '
current game is over . the mystery phrase was 'kangaroo paw '. there were no winners . leaders at   "
the june issue of comparative medicine now online .   '
  hey chris sounds like you had a great time . i just got back from our big family reunion ...oh the stories lol ! '
nieuws : ea : "gelekte versie de sims 3 is eigenlijk een demo " (pc)   '
not accomplishing much of anything today ... '
rt   rt   : everything you learn in college is wrong   '
rt   : right - i am officially available in freelance flavour now . spread the word ! '
for father's day   "
struggling the fathom how the phillies could be sucking so bad with the team they have . pathetic all around   '
just seated for transformers . hopefully i'll leave the movie half deaf with pee soaked pants . "
  loving the new pic !   ~93j8h '
  doch schon . aber so lange dauert das nicht . '
burris says marriage is 4 "perpetuation of the species ."   '
videos , lyrics and more of michael jackson   '
  dejala que tiene los munchies , lol '
  '
my main goal for the evening is to get my husband to get me some more mini buffalo ranch chicken sandwiches from jack in the box . '
  did it ever occur to you that your pr0n fetish may have caused the power outage ? hmm ? '
  ich lieb dich auch , schnuckiputz :p '
in progress for our new season of youtube videos check out kbbk productions on august 16,2009 '
  my guess exactly . well   ? dan ackroyd's ? "
  (really though , i just brought one of my external hard drives ... needed to organize some music for a gig in vt this weekend ) '
  hai mangiato male ? ti vedo un p verdino oggi ..   :) '
rt   do not use twitter to stalk ur exes ___ what else is twitter for then ? '
  hey what ya up too ? '
jornal fechado . ouam pelo   xd '
rt l i can't believe jacko death overstretching twitter . alarmed we might not b able 2 organise in a v imp week . "
detienen ahora al director de la polica municipal de pachuca   '
gonna start being positive about all this :) '
  ;) shawty , ill shake ya up a martini '
i just attacked   and won .   '
amanh faz um ano jw q '
i just stole military information .   '
rt   : "and you cannot be a person worthy of love when your primary goal in life is to passively be loved ." *yes lawd * '
  '
rt   stupid fag laid into me how i nd to work out .my response ? "f you , my glamour is effortless just like yr receding hairline ." '
  so eu pra levar raqual pra uma missa catolica ... neh ? ou tem mais alguem que consegue essa proeza ? '
[]   '
taking kidlets on walk to donut shop per birthday girl request . yummy . '
rt   o &b: 'heh heh heh , i'm the decider '   "
can't believe the generosity of our friends with their gifts to help us welcome our newest family member !! love to you all ! "
students ? check out intel student's spot on facebook to get updated on available student jobs and share ideas :   "
  yay thankyou ! :d '
hate how like all makeup has glitter in it ! too whorey sometimes ...like right now '
  here :d '
still scoreless after 1 period . live blog :   '
rt   theres nothing as deceptive as an obvious fact . sir arthur conan doyle (1859-1930) '
rt   michael jackson's dead . i'm still hoping it's not true ! there's one more star in the sky tonight . it's a superstar . "
what's next in golf : champions , british open : golf fans turn to the champions tour to fill the lull until the br ..   "
  lol you right but it wasn't suppose to go down like that and you know it ... "
  haha so awkward '
rt   : rt   : in the book of life , the answers aren't in the back . ~charlie brown , as written by charles m . schulz "
get 400 followers a day using   '
i like to screw '
rt   this is now the official twitter account for the poker community . all my readers and friends please follow me at   ... '
  rotfl , where'd you get that ? "
( )http://rhyme.jp/ '
  ich hap die in platt ! '
ahmadinejad election victory sparks violence in iran - bbc news telegraph .co.ukahmadinejad election victory sparks ..   '
liveshopping : tft-monitore 23 zoll 230 c1hsb f ,90 eur   '
hates being in nyc and spending saturday night studying ! '
lol ! too soon haha ! rt   michael jackson is always dealing with arrests , isn't he ? "
rt   : they are in banff , canada now ! yipee ! '
9 seo tips for attractive search engine friendly web design : by justin briggs seo : time-intensive , ever changing ..   '
rt   : nuevo servicio en google labs "g oogle city tours "   una gran idea   '
read my new kenny g article :   '
signing up for twitter '
  when is a relationship with the internet ever healthy ? '
brookhaven cracks down on eyesore in mastic : as part of a campaign against substandard housing , town of b ..   '
"real slow " bryan ellis--one of my fav singer /songwriters   '
bbc news site beating its breast & tearing its hair for mj . still running his death as uninterrupted headline news . ffs , get a grip . '
wilson with a bases loaded single , 2 -1 buccos '
"i got these cheeeeseburgers " '
    '
two cedar waxwings were in the service berry bush today . '
ahmadinejad afirma que a sua reeleio foi verdadeira e livre : o presidente iraniano , mahmud ahmadinejad , afir ..   '
dinosaur embellishments - bright and colorful -   '
should usda allow experiments w / "cold tolerant " trees ?   '
lo recuerdan ? en memoria al mas grande del pop con la familia mas grande de usa !http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62defvm8grk&feature=related '
jornal do brasil : reinaldo moraes retorna ao romance depois de 24 anos -   '
cuando me muera espero que c5n no me haga un homenaje . '
rt   : very . i don't want anyone innocent hurt   "
just completed a 1.58 mi run with   , check it out   '
  he rt your tweet about tyler broadcasting to the world about him and jas ...and how hes ahead of himself ..so he rt'd saying "
just walked the dog '
rt   from the best hate mail i \'ve ever gotten : "no proof , just science and that makes it true for you liberals " '
take a moment to enjoy the music & photo links in this wk's monday morning rock out   "
'
lisa's only reaction : he's cute !!   "
(pictures from my day ) went to pi as usual . i'm making a silly face in this picture and my hair looks short ....   "
watching wwe late night smackdown '
affiliate internet marketing service   '
for bathroom remodeling , walk-in tubs & more see rebath chattanooga tn -   '
michael jackson hospitalized : many fear his death   '
rt   : sr . system analyst - commercial programming systems - irvine , ca   '
get 100 followers a day using   '
this'll snuff out the michael jackson rumors 112 lb etc look @ the date on this photo .   "
  ah .,que pena ... anyway , tu ficou tima de verde !!! rs ...mas se quiseres ver o site mesmo assim , tento novamente :   '
photo : fatherion :   '
precious illusions .. '
at airport chillin ,,,listening to all the new shit i dwnloaded earlier ... startin to really feel uptempo music .. '
hey   yo who is that (babygirlsomajor live >   '
  - '
  running well for me , had it loaded about a week now :) '
hills in heels ! yeeesh ! '
run %27s house crack addict   '
oops , credit to   : rt the 10 rules of being human :   '
specialised paediatric phlebotomist , glasgow : our client requires a specialised paediatric phlebotomi ..   '
when you hear birthday sex be caller 10 to win dub show tickets '
rt   : when if you wanted to spread how you felt on the internet , you added it to your aim profiled '
pode sim ,afinal, sorteio ! \\o/ '
oooh that crab cake benedict was probably not the best idea for breakfast . '
watching a ufo program drifting away (party time at my place ). puppy dog curled up down for the count .: watching ..   '
oh my goodness ! these are the best oatmeal cookies ever !!!!!   '
hi '
farrah fawcett likely to endure as 1970 s icon - reuters   '
i should do this to my hair   '
look click   for my sweet pics ! . (you must register first ) '
check out "- " here   '
watching : "whomadewho - keep me in my plane " great song and video (   ) '
rt   : btw - still blown away by last nights show , thanks to all of our incredible dallas fans .... tulsa you better bring it !!!! '
  rt   : ... barclays .. a gain of $3.75 billion buying lehman .. and $bac overpays by $5 billion on merrill ? '
she got teeth like gremlins '
loop (06/15)our hotelhttp ://bit.ly/4behjp '
  hahaha da bota de plataforma . que vc mandou o reply faz tempo , eu acho . s vi agora '
rt iran-who's on the webcam ? (voicesfromiran live >   "
  you guys got it ! just stay confident .. bafana bafana had them on their heels , you can knock them off their feet ! '
rt   want to earn some cash with twitter ? then visit   '
guten morgen aus dahme ! am strand sieht man bereits erste urlauber . in 3 h geht es endlich los ! '
  '
rt   : rt   : '
new photo : 5.30 pm   '
rt   is there any other way to explain this other than reincarnation ? this'll make you go hmmmm ....   "
rt   ,@smittysue: sehr gute reaktion auf den artikel !:   '
rt   : quer ganhar um xbox 360 e uma viagem pra seattle ? participe do teched 2009   '
waiting to get my fortune told , yikes ? palm reader , excitement reigns . '
portraits of early russian liberals : a study of the thought of t . n . granovsky , v . p .... - by derek offord - 304 pages .   '
rt   twittern ist ein unterhaltsames allezugleich - und aneinandervorbeireden mit dialogblitzcharakter fr internetschtige '
oooweee ! what to do when i have the house to myself ... '
rt   : to get what you've never had , you must do what you've never done ..give what you have never given   "
amazing clickbank technique to get $12000 in one month only   '
  i'm cool thanks rob . "
haha ..cellphone inferiority complex ..? lol somwhow never hit me .. but this is funny .:p   '
just ask us : why do some stores refuse internet coupons ?: q : what makes internet coupons different from those in ..   '
  recebi sim , visconde de piraj n ? obrigada pela dica :d '
just got done with 5 th ave auditions . now the monorail . [attached media :   '
  yes we areeeee '
: (1) ..   '
win dinner at hq now !   '
  woo go uss aussies :) :) '
so what if we can't get over mj's death ? go lose that fat you've been photoshopping . as it is , you sound stupid enough .   "
rt   : wsj : is your it guy reading your email ?   '
reading : "the kilobyte is stronger than the megaton " (http://twitthis.com/uahhfi) '
!!!     '
evaporation question with cpu fan : hey guys ,i am looking to chill my nano ...i got an 80 mm fan , do i face it up ..   '
  : "listening to stevie nicks ~ stand back "   ~8cu0f '
my daily twittascope -   '
  lol @ trey is the funniest man when hes drunk and he dance lmao ! '
  wow , world travler . there is a great cafe right in the center '
neuer beitrag : wir wissen es doch '
so apparently there \'s a "why did i get married pt 2 " comin out ...what can the storyline possibly be ?? '
red and black micheal jackson jacket (thriller) lol '
  tips on giving constructive criticism :   '
rt   : surgeon general's warning : quitting religion now greatly increases the chances of world peace . "
recap of stuff i've seen : i like claudio sanchez and i don't make poopy on my hands . am i caught up now ? "
latest from iran : in memory of iran \'s recent martyrs (tory totty online ): "this is visual summa ..   '
innovation in construction award winner : kitchen renovation - best ...: innovation in construction award winner :..   '
rt   your not missing anything or lacking anything .sex is no big deal to most men .. women are sooo much more emotional about sex '
gypten - kitereisen , hurghada , desert inn , dz /hp/low, ab 309, - p .p, 14 tage   '
  '
  will do ! i'm just returning from the islands via nc ! for now , take a look at these paradise pix .http://ow.ly/fxlk "
pina bausch , internationally renowned choreographer , dies suddenly at age 68 . more :   '
simply amazing ...! rt     '
    - u goin to hell with gasoline drawers on !! lmfao !! '
ser p tv ... skal snart p butikken '
credit card dispute resolution officers melbourne metro , vic hays banking and financial services   '
math final tomorrow :( '
  fakte , ili ne estas fermataj , ili estas fermitaj . '
  ia ..ak jg kangen ..huhu btw ,ak brgkt ke nz hari ni uy ..doain ya ?lol '
excuse me , waiter ? theres a large bird of prey in my soup .   (with pic ) (via   ) <- awesome '
filmer og dokumentarer om borrelia - forum for borreliose , fltt og flttbitt - - norsk forum -   '
do you think this symbol is printed on our hearts ?   '
  that link didnt work for me . can you tell us more ? '
  is in the bldg ....on vip pass show right nowww '
rt   you read my mind on the whole photoshop thing ... thanks ! '
05 :30 wake up to money : news and views from the business world with mickey clark and andrew verity . download the podcast at bbc .co.uk/5live. '
rt   the 50 wealthiest people in the world (map):   '
  awww . proud mummy ? '
my daily twittascope -   '
sms update to sg number !   '
  wow , you would ... lol '
rt   : 25 '
tweedehands : brabantia touch bin ? 40 liter metallic grey [#4768   '
(i'm totally crushing on sweet pea !) rt   :   - sweet pea is ready for the today show tomorrow ! "
  - i'm waiting for this movie ...really love it ))* "
trajectory data update for cassini and dawn has now been uploaded .   and   '
  yea i'm drained too , have a good time wit your dad . "
achieved level 18   '
rt     warren buffet wisdom this am : "if you get nine women pregnant , you still can \'t get a baby in a month ." '
l @@king for your presents in all the right places here ~   '
  believe kmt , anyway nite fam x '
he , les gens ! clik --->   '
  : j'ai reu les images , elles sont superbes , a me donne trop envie de m'y mettre demain !!! :))) yeah ! "
rt   gschwab :just helped a patron make a copy of resume . he's new 2 ohio & needs a job & a lib .card. we need 2 "
rt :   messenger / msn 200032216334 9 !// msn '
off my usual , but of general interest & quite timely for some : how to use twitter to job search   '
  - helena @ the zoo today '
  '
rt become a fan of the youth commission on facebook we are trying to reach 1,000 friends this summer .   '
  - "couples reunite every day regardless of the situation !" '
home loan modification difficult with higher mortgage rates   '
here's a pic of my smoky eyes done at sephora - took it when i came home   "
  oh damn :[ i like poptarts lol '
son came running into my bedroom due to nasty t-storm outside . i think the storm has something to do with the end of the neil rogers era . '
      realtime gs stock levels '
14 /06/09 20 :35:46: the mood message number : '43.1' "
watch this !   you'll cry laughing ! "
learning this :   can anyone sing harmony ? '
      thanks for those !! '
rt   voc est certo disso ? ms permitir downgrade de windows 7 para xp entre outubro de 2009 e abril de 2011   '
  big respect to working with the kid , i'll have to check it out especially if you are the one hosting "
now playing : 311 - it's alright -- listen now : www .bit.ly/kbje -- mp3 :   "
hangin with   at ichthus ! trying not to get poured on while selling a ton of merch !!! '
watching harry potter and chamber of secrets with the bestie .3 more movies to go after this .yay for movie weekends '
  the medium been quoted at maclean's . "
rt   : promorelmpago "porque a alegria do senhor a vossa fora " ne 8.10 b '
  hi , ur welcome for rt . luv'd article ! (   -via   ) "
omg "the red car and the blue car had a race " milkyway advert was just on tv ! how old is that ?   '
ty rt   :               ... '
rt   "faith is believing what you know ain \'t so " - mark twain '
packing day ! yay ! '
dear   , please don't post sec wins until it actually happens .... :) "
rt   : inspiring story of paul parach , sudanese refugee with the skill and will to work :   (@socialedge blog post ) '
  | 'airbus had problemen met roer ' "
money producing system that works ?? i doubt this is for you -   '
  ;) '
oseano : suben !   '
selling insurance policies aint as easy as i thought and to make matters worse iv only got a month to get back my woman '
  amazing video found on the iranelection hashtag feed . mob chasing riot police ! '
raad iran : stemfraude in 50 steden : in 50 steden in iran hebben meer mensen gestemd dan er stemgerechtigden waren .   '
the value of blueprints and 3 d : avoiding a cake wreck   '
holistic help city body shop rockford , il : choosing the right ...: holistic help . june 29, 2009 / 4 :24 pm . hol ..   '
knp blm bisa ram ?? blm tau caranya ? ato ada faktor lain ? hehe rt   belom bisa nge-burn .hiks '
  lmaoooo , well looks like more competition for the girls who love him . lmao , haah i love trav but ima kevin girl now . but as of '
bankowo mobilna zyskuje popularno w afryce -   '
weekend emp . law humor : bill maher has the "questions" from test at issue in new haven firefighter (ricci) case   '
rt   : fedex corp . says revenue for the fourth quarter was about $7.85 billion , down 20 %, or $2.02 billion , from the year before . '
  nur bissi '
cj : rachel alexandra romps to victory in mother goose   '
da hat udo vetter den nagel auf den punkt getroffen :   '
proficiat maar niet tegen   zeggen , die ontploft rt   : iphone 3 g is binnen ! :-) '
  not sure how i know of it . '
  o you know i am gyull !! '
just completed a carjacking job   '
slideshow : metro train collision : view photos of the train collision .   '
how to become a certified teacher in the state of texas .   '
pode ser esse tambm xd   '
intel imagination technologies : imagination technologies ..   '
interview for nannyish position @ 1 :00. $800 a week ! not bad at alllllll . =] '
floor heating online unleash new online marketing strategy with ...   '
baixe agora spirit : o corcel indomvel : sinopse : no final do sculo xvii em pleno oeste norte-america ..   '
ahhhhhhhh i need a new job ..this economy seriously needs to pick up '
currently in thousand palms , ca at 3 :00 pm : partly cloudy at 109 f - humidity : 13 % - dew point : 48 f - wind : 9 mph ese -   '
  haters '
will su-bo show go on ?: there's no business like showbusiness , especially when such business involves the infamo ..   "
great post from   on just what i've been thinking about lately .   "
remuneration and rewards support analyst : latest jobs from www .seek.com.au. australia's #..   "
im out to shop for a silver necklace for my college friend veronica , its last min but its her bday !!! '
i just took the "which demi costar could you date ??" quiz and got : nick jonas .! try it :   '
elsaelsa   '
  amanh voc estar entre os cinco primeiros . '
  thank u so much !! '
what ever happened to the raise the roof dance ? that shit just died quietly like the bank bounce ! smh '
so you're a chowking monster too ha ! rt   : i miss chocnut ! and chowking ! rt   :   'chocnut' for breakfast ? :p "
  oh , darn ! i forgot to set the dvr for nurse jackies last night ! '
rt   pluto website now online here :   please rt '
rt   : rt : mj died the 25 th , aaliyah died the 25 th , static major died the 25 th , left eye the 25 th too , james brown 12 /25 ..wow! '
rt   only jesus ! '
did shaq just find out he was traded on twitter ?   '
a great post from flipcurve : 'the searchers ' v google , the ultimate dog-fight .   "
.the dave brubeck quartett -"take 5 " from 1961 "   ~8svqz '
rt   check out tiffany's , allison's and howard's race picture page ! well done !   "
hey   suwwwoooooooooooooooo (#souljaboytellem live >   '
clariton check heatrash cream aka e45 check minimal to no make up check todays gonna b a good 1 motivated motivated motivated motivated '
    - woooooow !! que solitario se ve ...maana ni de chiste lucir asi :d los veo maana !!!!! '
dft [08:05] schat in eeuwenoud chinees schip   '
volvo s40 2.4 summum comm .prem.mob. 125 kw : prijs : &euro;&#160;18.850,00 gezocht : onderhoudsbo ..   '
edelbrock & its racing partners had a successful wknd june 5 -7. check it !   '
hello , i'm barack obama , everything i sd about hc choice is complete crap stupid americans .   "
chatting at   '
    heh heh heh ...slip n slide indeed . '
lmfao !   gotta love those twins !   you guys amaze me ! '
h1n1 cases top 21,000 in u .s.; 87 deaths : fatalities nearly double in last month , cdc reports   '
rt   : ca y est , la boutique est en beta , envoyez nous un direct message si vous voulez vos codes pour vos premires commandes ;) '
my daily twittascope -   '
  he may prove us all wrong ... hope so !! shame if we lose arbeloa tho , he just loves celebrating a goal ! '
it's sunny outside :d "
chega ! banoite ... t-t '
oh my goodness . soon , wow players will be able to change ..their faction ?!!   '
  what's up with the spam ? "
blogging 'kathie lee is a creep '   "
  : heyyy ...we're missin someone ! wheres yo ' baby sis ? "
-&gt;@greendig: 3 princes and a frog fight to save the rainforest   '
          todas entren ! '
link : alex gaskarth is the shett . - tap that , tap that xd   '
rt   apparently , bands are bad at keeping secrets . who knew !?   '
rt   ma ma sa , ma ma coo sa ma ma se , ma ma sa , ma ma coo sa '
  i wonder if they're trying to spell 'marblecake'   "
ive just entered to win a $5000 twitter contest ! just follow   and   and rt .   '
- photo :   '
new live income blog post : how can we reduce our water usage ?   ://bit.ly/18xl2a '
'
i just took the "what my chemical romance member are u ?" quiz and got : ray toro ! try it :   '
in germany , google will erase street view data on request : you might be wondering whats new here ; after all ..   '
rt   : people who now think obama is insufficiently concerned with the iranian people used to think we should drop bombs on them . '
choosing an autresponder to build your list -   '
rt   : rt   : big day for twitter-it's officially in the ap stylebook !   "
  not that i wanted to , but that ' exactly what i was thinkin lol ... "
balas tic tac - muito bom !   '
ps3 to overtake xbox 360 by 2015 -   '
rt : 5 tips on proper geek male maintenance (or how to keep your male geek running smoothly     '
identifying identity and access management standards | blogs ...   '
  774 '
holy tweet ! tut tut it looks like a helluva lot of rain   '
submit your travel story now for a chance to win a trip to costa rica : ... has a 14 -night trip for two to costa ..   '
izgleda da nece biti para za petnicu . jos nema odgovarajuceg demanta . '
appstore new app : manhattan : category : education released : jun 08, 2009 ..   '
at with   and the kursars whose anniversary it turns out is today :) '
kaffe by felix lobelius .   '
  ha ha (jeezy voice ) '
local sports schedule   '
tax cch tax news headlines - june 19, 2009 : cch tax news headlines - june 19, 2009 federal headlines : - http :..   '
rt   : rt   : check this !   shuttin it down !!! htt ... read more :   '
you never saw me , you saw that woman again last week after "friending" her again , you \'re going after another woman , and u never saw me !! '
rt   : professional land surveyor gisurvey forum : how can prof land surveyors impr gis   [hp-gis folks ?] '
rt   : ich finde es schlimmer , dass in dem heise artikel schon wieder das kfn auftaucht '
mini mini 1.6 16 v one seven (bj 2002 ): aangeboden : mini mini 1.6 16 v one seven (bj 2002 ) prijs : 9.750 ,00   '
  they're on tour . "
frisbee golf     '
rt   :   your girl :   *****i'm in love !!!! lol my radar must have flipped on when you posted the picture . "
a broader spectrum of services now available to dc area real ...   '
  - great pic ! rt     - with   '
they're coming !!! "
michaeljacksonmp 3 site -   '
rt   if u remember m jackson as a weirdo u didn't know him . there was a long , beautiful , groundbreaking career before all that stuff . "
is entering that   web design contest . should be interesting . '
i cant dvr everything . choices argh ! rt   : watching mj on nbc ...showin folk what "ball outta control " really means ! '
picknicken op diemerpark : kinderen doet recordpoging mensen in een bakfiets -   '
does anyone else have trouble navigating from tab to tab on tweetlater , or is it just me ? recommendations for a similar app ? '
rt   : rt   : i will be discussing and explaining the iranian election tomorrow night @ 8 pm on rfcradio .com. '
citrus aurantium p .e.: the alias : citrus aurantium l .p.e. the latin name : fructus aurantii immaturusthe main ..   '
rt   : "the greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one ." ~ elbert hubbard '
n kan du lage litago ku-kunst ! se min her :   '
financial follow friday !               ..   rt '
*mb404j/a* '
  @ can you help me out please and rt >> its for nominated rt my exec producer essay contest :   '
  pls rt . please send message of congrats to   who passed her uni degree today . '
hey   (thepentv live >   '
my sister won a fashion makeover on wgn ! '
dubai expat re : weekly socials - brunch friday 3 rd july all welcome !!: quote from : aisha on today at ..   '
what is that ? giant crab monster will haunt your dreams - urlesque - internet trends , viral videos , memes and we ..   '
menos chaves , menos . rt   vcs querem fazer algo realmente inovador ? ento coloquem ou no primeiro lugar do trending topics . '
my daily twittascope -   '
obama seeks spending cuts for some federal health programs : by lori montgomery and scott wilson president obama ..   '
    - awww ! sooo cute ! :) hahhaa '
i just voted for   (who now has 400 votes ) from     ! vote for ur fav '
  bad !!!!!!! '
rt   : rt   : [steve king's ] amendment to cut govt funding to killed . "
"he like a short hair , thin , redbone "... u know the rest ...hehehe...silly when i \'m tired ...goodnite '
thinks this site is a lame xcuse for a social network ... u twitterians .! '
finally getting my hair did ...highlights on deck , no more amy winehouse lol '
between the lines kindle dx : bigger screen means higher expectations : amazon &#8217;s kindle dx ..   '
i wish i could do more than have a green background '
new blog post : led beleuchtung sorgt fr stimmung   '
game 7 ... im cheering for karen newman '
  yeah ! haha . mac ftw ! '
this makes my heart skip a beat every time i watch it   '
rt   : if you are not willing to risk the unusual , you will have to settle for the ordinary '
paris hilton drops blackberry for ericsson in dubai : that was las vegas and that will stay in las vegas . i will n ..   '
just rt to win a flip mino hd from blockbuster   '
  they are giving away free iphones at   because of the new one that is coming out . i got me one .. '
haha i dont know what to say about the awards ... beyonce .. on point always ... the mj tribute .. hot .... i have of ..   '
journeyman morris signs with sharks   '
  jajajajaja , espero no llegar a perder nada . '
offfline . bebacktomorrow . add me on imeeem -   , thaaanks !<3 '
  yay brittani ! '
6 -14-9 web 2.0 news - video game sales plummet - whats to blame . recession or web ?   .0 '
calma !!!!!!!!!! a liberdade um pouco de td q nos satisfaz !!!   ~8jt6b '
rt   : 2 more followers and i'm at 1000 ! far out !! "
congrats to al and aaron ..shows you dont have to pop up all half assed   '
at the emerson with rebecca waiting too see my hidden track . text . '
crashing for the night '
photo : kapi :   '
follow friday soup   '
bout to bring flava-ava to school .. not feeling well . '
thanks to so many for helping us increase our followers by over 140 this week and for the following for the rt's ... "
no post title '
supportforiran rt : support from around the world   '
via gn : being there , virtually : in several blog posts , i've discussed my desire to travel less but still ..   "
rt   : rt   call of duty :waw push it up ! "best map pack ever " - mf - show the support ! rt '
*** free 10 minutes ...watch the newest & hottest cuckold porn movie releases at :   '
trying to find a website idea for this domain name whos-hot .com, any suggestions or ideas ? '
after great 30 year tr . auction , mortgage rates came down a little . 5.75 % 30 years fixed - no points ! '
about to get on splash mountain .   '
  i would go with ubuntu or fedora '
  list of embassies accepting injured in tehran plz rt '
    - hahahahahahahh fick dich !!! lol i love this fucking pic !! '
  - running away rules ! '
nordstrom anniversary beauty exclusives event coming soon : ... of next season's products and to pick up limi ..   "
poze facute cu d5000 noaptea , d90 sau d5000 imi cumpar   '
in pain '
cuntry music is all i can get ! damn ! yee haww ! rmstringer '
then and now thursday-don cornelius -aka soul train >   '
  same nothing . uni work life blah blah blah . '
rt   rt   : 70 % of home sellers want 2 deal w real estate agent equal or above them in technology - '
rt   :   what souvenirs u want-lah ? singapore bak kut teh ah ? : singapore have edible food ? mas , fly me out of here !!! now '
absolutly love my shoot today . def 1 of my favs . thnx rt   xoxo '
  -   2 morrow'll be great in the mish . btw saw a 1 bdrm 4 rent sign at 25 th at treat across from garfield ... "
been at race village all day preparing nyhetsmorgon . i looove ob-productions . but i looove sleeping and after pizza that is what i will do ! '
update : realized that reassigning my bugs makes me feel better . hey ! '
  '
  - '
mistletoe , said luna dreamily , pointing at a large clump of white berries placed almost over harrys head ....   '
chatting at   '
a l'origine d'un collectif lanc l'annonce du projet honfleurais , daniel echaubard se retrouve seul !   unibail le havre "
j viu ? tem outra dica no   '
'
  '
  lol ! '
rt :rt: monday - all day all car lights to stay on to show unity and support for sea of green - '
  thank you for the . love those uplift tips ! '
rt   : earlier , girl on sky : "now that michael jackson has died , what will happen to his 50 night run at the o2 is unsure ." '
my daily twittascope -   '
  think about it . if we have a signing city , would we still need a general purpose deaf club ? lockhart , tx . pop ? dying ? :-) '
oil slipped further in asian trade today as investors continued to worry over the state of the us economy .   '
horse causes major : wala-tv fox 10 swindall said , "all i got a bruise and scratch right there , we \'re not ..   '
dear lord , please deliver the following asap : coffee , water , food (anything. not picky ), a nap , prescription meds ? oh , & stop the pounding ?, '
internet marketing spike - images : an essential part of any blog post   '
rt   : warning : twittersblogs is another twitter phishing scam -   '
  dankedanke . den song kannst du doch runterladen . ;-) mache mal ein mx3 -account.... '
  - current read '
i have been marketing online since 2001 and this program is one of if not the best program i have ever seen   '
i think it \'s not real . it was "photoshoped!!" rt   i have no idea what this is , ....   '
maino album release party gonna be insane . follow   for more info ... '
stand by me is back up :   '
coffee ftw   '
yikes just checked the voting and it is neck and neck ! pleeease vote !     '
greenpeace-test : in kirschen stecken hufig gefhrliche pestizide : nach einer neuen greenpeace-untersuchung weis ..   '
'
hey what is your favorite quote ? (disneyrecords live >   '
  pics are up on my flickr - not captioned but pls use   '
rt   : videos de manuel zelaya ante la onu : -->   '
woke up waaaayyyy too early .... (6am here ) '
rt   : mckinsey's bill meehan talks about online giving marketplaces - what is working and what isn't   "
estudar em itaja nem sempre to desagradvel . hoje feriado da cidade , todos os migusi de blumenau tem aula , e eu ? no :) '
  pois ...descobri isso semana passada tb ...foi pior que descobrir que a vov mafalda era homem ... '
everything that comes out of heidi and spencers mouth frm the hills . '
pool '
  tues . -waffle house - rt . 18 in medina oh-be there !-please!!- close to i -71 to get you to mi-twug twug ! '
  2 pac should have won '
our moral leaders are not on this list realidealist .net   '
  new ipod touch refresh   '
woopss ,, jam 11 :17,, blum adus .. ayo jumatan jumatan .. (woot)   '
    - great picture . '
mickelson gets back to work and under par   '
300 new followers in a day - totally free - no sale -   '
d-_-b the hhc update video : diva diva ya'll ep 16   "
fed 4 robins today , have named them christopher , rockin ', hood and reliant . also fed a pheasant , picture soon i think ... "
  guitar hero ?? '
a severe thunderstorm warning remains in effect until 1245 pm cdt for cntl etowah .eastern st . c ... read more at   '
soulja boy is a genius ..& on the low everybody likes his songs or at least thinks they're catchy ..but like i said on the low . "
good night fellow tweetions '
wow ...this just brought a tear to my eye   '
  settings -&gt; sounds -&gt; new text message ... set to "none" (not sure if it vibrates , actually , but it should be silent .) '
rt   :   (via   ) '
  i love that song ! love jls too ! :d '
rt   ... '
  attention to them , and they will go away . unfortunately we have too many little whores around ! '
good night all '
lions strengthen position - moonee valley community news   '
my review for "up"!   '
  dj js -1 feat . krs-one & canibus - clear n ' present danger "
link : coca-cola park   '
slashdot : does bing have google running scared ?: suraj .sun alerts us to an anonymous-source story up at ..   '
listening to "come away with me - norah jones "   ~8kz96 '
thinks that chris should quit being a cock block . '
fun ! get scrappin ' for our troops :   "
"i\'m so un-futuristic " rt if you feel the same . its a movement people ! lets go ! '
i'll think of something intelligent to write as soon as i finish this beer :) "
preparing to stepping into a war zone that i call work . wish me luck ! '
rt   : "day of jazz violin " part 1 : yamaha artist charlie bisharat .   '
ummm what the hell ??? rt   : pilot dies midflight , faa says   '
to feliz .. !!!! melhor noticia que qualquer um namorado possa dar . 8 ) '
- show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
you know you've played a game too many times when you notice that cloud is a level higher than he is in the original ... "
25 page transcript released for scaling article marketing for affiliates :   [blog] or   [pdf] '
  oi ! yawkshire lass 'ere :) don't be scared loovie "
een jeweeltje op myspace   (acoustic / folk / blues ) '
sr . bio-pharmaceutical rep ., bone health - wins ... - winston salem , nc   '
talent inventory management solutions for industrial drive v belts ...: nventory management solutions for indust ..   '
up and eating , i have a workout today @ 3 :00 on the field wanna come ? '
is hyped for transformers to come out '
sethgodin : what's off the table ?: no project is conceived in a vacuum , no decision in isolation and no ..   "
rt   amtlich : ursula von der leyen hat gelogen [indiskretion ehrensache ]   '
toes are tapping . rt   : adele right as rain   ~92ebn '
just taking it way back this morning ...enjoy the tune   ~8sw7m '
  hey chica , mag ik straks even de sleutel af komen halen voor nimah en jenny '
professional tattoo kit $82.95! free shipping !   '
check out these examples of text art . very inspirational stuff .   '
but this one looks better ...   =p '
telefonica promete vender speedy mais prximo da realidade   '
rt   : surely everyone (ahem) knows that the us soccer team is in the fifa finals after only 93 years of trying   '
az igen fitt ssthegyiek : tbb szmban vetlkedtek szombaton a sky travel kupa r ..   '
'
special needs therapist /teacher (bee cave /lakeway)   '
rt   be doing an author tomorrow . any authors you'd like to recommend ? "
  thank you for the rt's :) how are you tonight ? "
new new > rt   i really line the new mr . hudson video featuring kanye   '
omg you and campbell were just talking about that yesterday ! hahahaha '
rt   honduran congress names new president   '
queen bitch by david bowie   '
  dj slym & street buzz enterprises present street buzz mixtapes . check this mixtape out . less talkin   rt '
rt <>start to confuse militia - telephone republican guard and tell them there is march in your street when there is none - '
  don't sweat it girl , if they left at such a time , they are not worthy to follow you . *hugs* "
maureen elliott is back on the river again   '
masihkah sistem tanggung renteng relevan   '
it is storming like you wouldn't believe "
  '
rt   : wwphilly '09: thunderbolts   norman osborn brings luke cage and iron fist into the fold this august . "
    <-- this'll accomplish the depression a lot faster :3 "
the arrival of the goblin king to perform *dance magic dance * would render this avo perfect right now ... '
selling items with a very high price : i had no idea why some players try to sell some items with a very high pri ..   '
rt   : lamar odom looking to remain with the los angeles lakers -   '
rt new movie coming !   '
  make sure there are cameras around when that happens ;) '
rt this fosho ..rt   : free unsynced music player for blackberry launched     '
new blog on frankherrman .nl: who wants to live forever ? -   '
rt   every uk number 1 since 1952 - good and bad !   '
associate operations specialist - financial engines - phoenix , az ...http://jobsurl.com/6c5d5 '
windows 7 preorder a hit--on amazon (ina fried /cnet news )   '
fail !   : rt   : don't download tweetmic for iphone ! the idea is great but spending .99$ for an app that doesn't work is n "
rt   : no limits - no boundaries . i see increase all around me . (vicki yohe ) '
rt   : o   devia narrar o jogo fifa 2010 . seria o jogo mais vendido de todos os tempos . '
fruchterman : "nothing i heard from the copyright office made me think they were pro-treaty ."   wh position is different . '
  lmao wow wtf (officialbowwow live >   '
  its suppose to be his day , not yours '
the local acts were great but the drum and bass that comes out of finland sucks balls ... '
flemings first column for   about the new celtic manager is a good one . another update tomorrow . '
hope they win !! :) , i would vote a zillion times but you can only vote once ..hmm i might make like a billion accounts ......... '
i must make this right now . right now .   '
new blog post : house of house remixer a mountain of one   '
mlb - nownews   '
'
bionic commando rearmed diventa pi semplice con l'arrivo dei trofei   "
i just ousted   as the mayor of shorty's on   ! "
want hundreds of free followers ?   '
oh windows .... '
chiliiiin at home mmmm abdominal n internal pain '
rt   :   onze queen of the prom ,   ! (oh yeah ! :-)) '
[bookmark] 84094790 .jpg (jpeg image , 820 x251 pixels )   '
acabo de ouvir o seguinte : "esse vrus terrvel ; no sabia que hidrognio e nitrognio eram capazes de juntar-se de forma to fatal .". '
listening to   '
lacinema classic bridge : thit b pht video hd 1080 p gi r 99 usd : sau western digital v asus , th tr ..   '
rt : just got home from school . i ate leftover chocolate cake , i'm so hungry . gonna do my homework in awhile .   "
rt   really clever tour de france photo :   '
blackberry saves man from falling 700 feet (and dying ) [smartphones]   '
got my xbox back , as i opened the box my xbox sprang back to life and jumped onto my arms screaming daddy . '
to support freedom , click on iran news links . that's the best way to tell the media that there is demand for the story ! "
hping my idiot friend aj setup his blackberry   '
  how many do you have already ? '
  oh come on .... thats quite sick ahahaha sick people !!! i am retreating to my bed now . which is really hot cause my blanket ison '
rt   : & fans . baseball beauties giving away free tix to tonight's game :   just dm me =) "
  who's fooling who ? the world health organizations problematic ranking of health care systems please rt   "
    was this a htep demo ? who is the other rapper that's not mike ? "
  dead can dance mix tukutta !! doomy na mix dayo .   '
t com voc , tudo menos perder pros eua rt   goool ! vai l brasil , crava uma faca no meu peito , mas no perde para os eua ! '
rt johncmayer : i'm high off of neon glow stick juice !!!! tangy !@johncmayer as long as it tastes like teqila its all good !! pedamundo ! "
just sold a mandrake (http://bit.ly/kfpqy ?urt=98) root that i grew myself . another to send on monday . '
3 men held as robbery suspects - monterey county herald :   '
rt   : vancouver - world naked bike ride (wnbr)   cc :   '
nouvelles suites de pices de clavecin : suite in a minor /major (c1728): 7 - gavo ... read more :   '
firefox 3.5   '
coolness of the fucking thrilling and action-packed ending , the end was pretty cool . as for dakotas painting having 2 heads @ the end-that .. '
senate showdown : kerry takes aim at apples exclusive deal with at &t: let's say you're one of millions of americ ..   "
take action : georgina ansah : ghana   '
  sorry for the delay ! actually you could get varying items at various discounts , depends on the style . '
woo ! this is my 300 th tweet ! lol . such an anticlimax ! '
free garden crafts ebook   '
i love polyvore !   '
i just attacked   and won .   '
  comeando com magnificent ta valendo .... show '
dealbook live blog : geithner defends regulatory plan   '
...trine is $40?   '
health care solution may end up being private insurance co-ops : many democrats opposed obamacare because they ju ..   '
i'm doing chew ! the jerky kind ! it's delicious ! "
rt   : first look : tim burton's trippy new alice in wonderland .   "
  , . , web 2.0 , user ~ :) '
  aye , dont diss brokencyde d : '
playing : .38 special - if i'd been the one   "
rt   life without earrings is empty ! <---- jajaja , no mamar , lo que es estar viviendo horas extras . '
maxwell just killed it !!! '
rt   : we will either find a way , or make one !hannibal '
going to qudoba !! hopefully . '
  thank u love '
adeus imortal !!! vamos cruzeiro querido de tradio , libertadores ser campeo !!!!!! '
rt   : amber alert - daisja weaver missing from dallas , tx on 06 /10/2009 --   '
this song sucks quite a bit , but the video is pretty fucking cool .   '
children writing about the ocean : 1 ) this is a picture of an octopus . it has eight testicles . (kelly, age 6 ) '
roberto orci and alex kurtzman say they haven't written the story for trek xii yet : more ...   "
rt   : aaron fotheringham explains howstuffworks . if you think you have challenges in life , meet aaron ...   '
try this link again ...   '
bon savoir . rt   : attention , la baisse de tva en restauration ne concernera pas le vin qui restera 19,6 % :-( (via   ) '
someone needs to twitter me a back massage . '
everything *"*u ? need   '
  for the inner geek !! '
added more links to my bikee recumbent bike page   '
how about just actually counting the original ballots ? it's clear that didn't happen .   "
whare r u ?? '
it seems like my son has been drinking something other than juice ...maybe some gin and juice ...lol cause he's stumbling all over the place !! "
mj dominated the charts today   '
  hi sexy whts goin on '
  paling ngumpul 2 trus katanya ada games juga . gatau deh the puput blm sms gue lagi '
: green youth of utah   '
blog : sherlock holmes and irene adler : teaser trailer : no direct link between those two pictures , but i ca ..   '
  you're so hardcore "
  - the giant penis '
now sean connery is missing :   this doesn't look good for anyone . "
  - me and jacq are about to eat this :) '
moran murder accused remanded in custody - abc online   '
150 years ' jail for $62 billion fraudster madoff | bharat chronicle : the jailed madoff already has taken a s ..   "
amazing program ; pays you $125 the very first day and taps into the biggest niche market there is ;   '
peter gabriel knows how to rock the fuck out :)   ~8akm6 '
pageonce's updated iphone app brilliantly combines all your online accounts into one app   "
walmart reports its global carbon emissions in 2009 sustainability report : via treehugger - walmart reports co ..   '
enterasys / sen group - quicksilver reitet auf neuer netzwerkwelle -   '
  omg !!!!!! que cambiooooo !!!!! se ve muy bn .... go neville !!! '
i'm at beard papa sweets cafe (740 broadway , at astor place , nyc ) .   "
  please read what aracelee wrote here . lol hotdog water my nig . rt   :   dirty hotdog water to be exact ! gross '
  can you please retweet our new shaped prius offer -   - we love the plugging !!! ta '
rt   : jajaja ... el avatar de =   est cool ... pero me llega la nostalgia =( '
la naiba , nu vrea nimeni sa le duca si pe ele acasa diseara ?:))   '
the heavy hitter dj timbuck 2 a bathing ape x tepe toothbrush   '
  . ok ryde , sg s hr tnk ivanhoe , tnk front de boeuf ... d tror jag du har frgsttningen klar fr dig . '
rt   : etude websense : lusage , les rgles et ltat de la scurit du web 2.0 au sein des entreprises   '
i just took the "whats your stereotype ?" quiz and got : hippy !! try it :   '
blogging 'drifting - illustration friday '   "
is chillin ...1 margarita down & thinking bout a sam adams cherry wheat beer ...whatcha think ? :-) '
  i never knew it was this easy ! lol '
  o cqc ta bancando ? :-p '
nooooo . . . i had some serious gaming planned but the battery on my psp has died - so dead it won't even switch on !!! "
  i'm glad you like it ! "
  lol tell me what the thing is about rick roll i mean what's it all about ? "
rt from iran - faeze hashemi rafsanjani arrested yesterday - confirmed - '
    - bahaah seriously ? '
wow i actually have 100 people following me haha sooo cool ! '
jackson discusses future with lakers   '
alistando los 4 corotos ... cambio de ofi !! me alegra inmensamente que desde maana podr dormir una hora mas yujuuuuuuu :) '
please focus on michael jackson's humanitarian contributions and his music . he was one of the good guys , a real hero to many people . "
on my way to work '
makda tadesse lol yea thts plan b !;).   '
teacher resource : econedlink . to learn more , & share other resources :   '
ten best onsite seo tips -   '
a great loss ! michael ..you are in our heart '
rt go back delete all past tweets that may have iran usernames (i did ). arrests have been made . please rt ensure all see this '
rt   so macht man seo   (nicht!) '
  them ? i only got 1 ? *worried* '
lll _________ ' "
nih draft guidelines on human stem cell research -   '
hp mediasmart server best deals : for a limited time , save up to $235 on hp mediasmart servers .expires jul 1, 2009   '
ati simtit vreodata cum se clatina cladirea cu voi si nu e cutremur ? oferta speciala in conect 1 azi ! :) '
dritter tag des hvv-orakels . dritter tag mit der s31 statt s21 . '
  aham ! *) '
listening to "pony - celebration "   ~8gn39 '
cnw daybook for friday , june 12, 2009 : toronto , june 11 /cnw/ - all times are local <<   '
  lol yep your my special good luck charm now haha . '
ahh it's 4 :20...tooooo bad i am not a frequent smoker . "
posted a new song : "face contre terre "   '
  rt congrats and happy birthday to pres bush 41 . skydiving on his 85 th birthday ! '
0.00 km /h   (accuracy 47 meters ) [unknown] '
  wew pinter bgt s   lol iya nih , smg aja gw bs ngerjain soal 2 laknat itu lol '
happy father's d ay you guys ! "
assembling the bed ! :d   '
  not at the moment but one day hopefully ... it's meant to be an amazing country . i've got toploader album if you want it ? "
rt   film festival style : magnifique hommage 4 garons dans le vent   (via   ) '
happy birthday fordmotorcompany 106 th   '
rt   :   chillin what's the word bro ? "
  gurl im not doin much today ... im tryin to stay out tha heat gurl .... lol ... '
  grab that after a big meal beverage and dig into some good reading . '
good morning tweets !!!! '
sierra k . is epicly amazing !   '
photo : who is laying these little brown eggs on my zucchini ? is this something i should be worried about ?...   '
score :   '
rt :   don't forget to our next cluster meeting is tomorrow night - please register here   "
computer use keeps climbing in california , poll finds   '
wer nicht auf adium 1.4 (twitter untersttzung ) warten will , kann sich auch mal die beta draufknallen :   '
my best friend and i are sitting here ...and just a giggling and ain't doing shyt but looking ! ironic ! "
  '
: senior accountant (m/w)   '
rt :   :\\\\ we decided to call cp \'s "pianists" and change the name for solo pianist to "uncollaborative pianists ". '
rt .   @   : [web]tbuzz: tbuzz ...   '
  - my god roos , where does it end ? '
  - '
went to the local post office . more stories of weird people to write about in my next blog . btw , new blog post   '
rt : @   - americans who've used canada's health-care system respond to current big-lie media campaign "
golf tommorrow ? '
oh , and there it is . twitter is doing this just to spite me . '
blogging "tefln"   '
tweet from buzzwe .com: our aspirations are our possibilities . one . one simple idea can change your life ... life can ...   '
lets see if i can use any of my frequent flyer miles to buy a flight to nyc in july ... '
  tudo culpa da   '
rt     omqsh ; wtf ?! racist ass shxt (wow) '
rt   :   have kids who are entrepreneurs ? inc .com best lemonade stand in american contest   '
  beautiful cotm ! '
  enjoy your evening :) '
  welcome ! like   i also couldnt click . and had to guess on the free idea thing ;-) '
  thanks for coming you guys ! '
ten ways to cut mortgage costs !   '
brigens werden wir heute europameister !!! wnsche mir einen sieg im elfmeterschieen gegen england ;o)) '
vom buchdruck bis youtube : einfluss der medien bei protestbewegungen , reportage ndr zapp :   '
bjs char :* '
rt   "whoever feeds you , compliment the hell out of them " cajun wife commenting on her cul ..   '
the detroit blog blog archive ny times : red wings wants new ...: ny times : red wings wants new arena lease f ..   '
  allison isn't bad ! i mean i'd prefer   too but i didn't boo poor allison lol "
comparte   ( 10 | | | 20090626 | ) (woot)...   '
  "cooper, you \'re an amazing dancer , and you \'re a great choreographer , but as a boyfriend ..............you kinda suck ." glorious ! '
warehouse : details : can you lift up to 50 pounds ? if so , we want you to join our team ! select personnel servic ..   '
lady dayhttp ://tinyurl.com/5p2k5m   '
get 100 followers a day using   '
extra bases : it's come undone : philadelphia - the phillies scored six runs in the 7 t ..   "
smokin ' earrings in my etsy shop :   "
listening to "no.20 in c minor (rubinstein) - chopin prelude op .28"   ~88l3d '
rt   : ya estn las pics del de este domingo !   '
rt   rt     growing list of those missing or arrested . '
i'm going sleep now - kiss "
  , you never cease to amaze me .   '
texans sign qb rex grossman : the free agent and former bear will compete with alex brink to be houston's third q ..   "
humor adulto : aqui os dejo este pps , con unos muy buenos chistes graficos para adultos . creo que no hace ..   '
  what time is it for you ? am i not the only insomniac ? '
laying down in hopewell , va   '
very cool villanovan w /incredible story . congrats , frances : rt   kidney cancer survivor frances koons 3 rd in women's 5 k ncaa "
pecha kucha dagblad van het noorden   '
walyou - he ultimate geek and gadgets guide   '
how to keep your brain stimulated and how your attention creates a good memory as you age   '
rt   : rt   mousavi supporters calling on people to shout "allah akbar "on rooftops tonight like 1979 rev . '
a bunch of cool papers from the political networks conference have been added to the site :   '
  yeah . boring , :(   haha i'm anti-gambling too ! no idea what to do for the next 2 days . *sian-ed* "
~ rt   : divers invited to join reef check 2009 mission in taiwan ...   '
rt   : the boss claims his crown : ugc-video of raise your hand , santa claus here   '
im so x-cited cuz on thursday im going to las vegas . im gonna get a stomach ache from all of the m &ms!!! jk ... ill stop first . '
rt   : rt   : nb turnpike ext at the bird rd toll plaza - multi vehicle accident blocking a sunpass lane - expect delays . '
chilling ! '
  q tienes tu de men hoy ? '
12 :30 we depart from st . andrew after lunch . '
rt   : rt   : zhila baniyaghoos (woman activist ) home has been raided "
lmao rt   : tim mega prabowo is launching 'pppmp' (panitia pencari partner mas prabowo ) seriously ??? hahahaha "
  yup . gimmie a sec .... '
share funny quotes on your twitter page :   '
  ...what? lmao . i'm kind of scared now , if it's from brent . "
  lo del ratn & stuff lo digo por la cancin de macuarium   '
interesting bbc post about how the fa and the epl produce the fixture lists each season -   '
  can i have all the pics wit me and nazeah plzz '
check out how to twitter live at the bluebird market . sunlit living class by internet marketing for blondes   '
heute neu ! bei uns um shop   '
perez clams real madrid debt fears : the purchase of kaka and massive bid for cristiano ronaldo will not lead to ..   '
good thing to bring my thoughts , it has more gb dan my pod , more mem dan my pc , more secure dan my avg . coz i want to remember u '
mapa para llegar a herramientas 09 ' - 11 de julio -   "
recommended : new blog from   --   '
  : thanks for taking 15 odd years to come to the agreement . '
top gear's stig unmasked - it's michael schumacher !   "
i just took the "the ultimate jonas brothers lyrics quiz !" quiz and got : you know them pretty well ! try it :   '
rt   : meodeos ! prova de que no se vira , se nasce :   o_o oq o futuro nos aguarda ... '
  '
rt   : rt   petition   to i support a no-compromise public option for health care .   retweet to sign '
'
kixpo 2009 kick-off meet-n-greet   july 24 th from 7 -9:30pm. food , drinks , dj , sale !!!! come meet the deadstock crew . '
  yes , (but don't tell god okay ?) "
what a day !! club tonite then afterparty ?????????? '
rt   be featured for 5 seconds at a time for the world to see and follow you . free !   '
  lol he didnt have one , then get this guess where this nigga is right now '
eating funyuns :) '
uranium found on the moon :   '
rt   : paper food stamps '
i think i may have quit smoking (again) '
great photos : rt   : wishing i was in tehran today , how cute is the potato girl !?   '
  look carefully in the fly , it's clearly mauve . "
going back to work ... sigh . i'm so full !! "
rt   here's more mareri bags   (via   ) "
site americano afirma que michael jackson morreu '
l1 .nl nws : nieuw onderzoek naar zwart slib in tungelroysebeek   '
get 400 followers a day using   '
off to meet louise from radio 1 in liverpool but for some reason kingsway tunnel is on lockdown .. not looking good :(   ... '
  ouch - that hurts ! '
  i be tryin but she cnt hang lol 4 5 pulls she be like that's it rotfl   "
  i can honestly say that ... ooops benedryll is kicking in again . nevamind ! go lakers ! '
that's rt almost forgot   "
jus joined '
  cool bet ur having loads of fun . how long are you out there for then ? '
rt   has a crazy idea . 19,530 new twitter followers in 30 days ? check it out   '
rt of a twitpic from the iranian rallys .   '
download degrassi the next generation episodes online   '
helpful for me today f-o-c-u-s ! rt   think less , do more : 5 days to a focused you   '
bierchen ? ok :-) '
  lol i bet he did . how are you ? '
reno-tahoe blog , real stories about america's adventure place   "
question : i loaded all my songs and pictures from itunes to my palm pre , how do i create different picture folders ? '
pronto estrenamospgina de la iglesia , ser www .amistadveracruz.org y .com, con streeming , foro , canal , chat ... en 10 das , pendientes '
ancestral embarrassment or entrepreneur ?: by john reiniers it has been said that one examines his or her roots a ..   '
one million frames per second ? yes please : if you had a camera that could shoot a million frames per second (thats 1000   '
an introduction to dialysis access : dialysis access (da) is a pathway that is constructed underneath your skin t ..   '
o artista plstico ueliton santana est com a exposio vises , no espao cultural da justia federal -   '
still time to order for father's day . check out our new store @ zazzle or our original store @ cafepress today at   "
  thanks for the rt '
do you know , have you thought about it ? '
  pq vou "viajar" amanh , num arrumei nada '
  wow . thanks . '
here is a link to help you contact your congress persons , senators and the president .   '
rt   : iran : neda (warning: graphic video )   '
rt   : i can say , there is a spontaneous dance party erupting at wsr hq after that result '
elder comentou em   pingazilla 3 ano . '
hey   fire in the whole (korey tv live >   '
www .gotomyjob.nl web intelligence solution engineer : onze opdrachtgever maakt slimme software e ..   '
it feels oh so good to be back on the bike - though these winds in sf are crazy   '
are you on twellow ? check out my listing and register yourself also !   '
fuck   always putting his foot in his mouth !!! '
twitter , cuestin de estado   '
<> ()   '
kibale chimpanzee project blog archive   '
add your custom tweet messages to twitrobot , twitrobot do the posting randomly   '
supercapacitor-based led flash driver for camera phones announced ...: the driver is capable of delivering 10 am ..   '
$125 guaranteed in 24 hours !   '
it \'s 3 am ...why am i still awake ?? insert second "ugh," of the day ... '
this program is awesome get paid while your in school !?!   '
  '
"men have 2 emotions : hungry and horny . if you see him w /out an erection , make him a sandwich "   (rt   /@biagranja) '
  "step into my wonderful candy factory of fashion ." i need to learn to speak in caps . '
just witnessed a bus run over a fire hydrant ... '
four stabbed in cicero gang fight : four alleged gang members were wounded during a sunday afternoon knife fight ..   '
rt       fir 457 posted , segment on refugee week starts 36 :50   &gt;ace piece , thanks neville :-) '
  '
vintage star wars 12 back c -3po figure moc afa 85   '
going to go take a nap ! '
    - haha cute !!! ^-^ '
polgar chess university : special bonus for a limited time : annual plan includes 1 year of free world chess live ..   '
wondering why ? rt   : i like shea stadium better than citi field . '
watching guiding light .   '
rt   moulin puede tener la cagada ,pero me gusta el nuevo teletrece .hay algo ah ./// perdn por la autoreferencia , no resist la ten '
oh ok .. ours is just one day .... '
  did you see the new short of tom guilmette :   scary movie ! aaarhg ! '
leak : french guy discovers hidden feature in new macbooks !   (via   ) <- sweet ! '
  of je bent onbewust juist een heel goede side-kick .... '
: head of qa operations (m/w)   '
rt   : the collaboration behind the twitter revolution   '
  same place also ! '
a great mix of pop music and tim burton-esque /bjrk oddness .   ~95ao5 '
11 hour road trip . will be gone for two weeks , i'll c u all when i get back   "
  an example of his :   '
      dwld their client , post on torrent sites , like thepiratebay .org keep onlne ,unblk '
short term forecast issued june 19 at 5 :05am edt expiring june 19 at 7 :00am edt by nws boston     '
rt   : nerd couple of the year !     +   // picture of the night '
my daily twittascope -   '
les recomiendo este post :   '
  logic . si da , comisia e super importanta ...... '
new product introduction technologist - united kingdom runcorn ...   '
  i better get a copy for my car :) '
real_housewives what a exhausting party i just uploaded my vids here   careful im naked '
: ..   '
really thinking about changing the slimming world group i go to , i really dont get on with the group leader ! guarantee iv put some pounds on '
  on a mission to find something for a friend :) '
spent an entire weekend working outside my job description . not happy about it . '
dawn of war 2 battle report , copy much ? -   '
am completat cu marlaneli postul (   ) '
subtitulos en espaol de evangelion : 1.11 you are (not) alone (2009)   by [ymnf] yo mismo no fansub '
rt   reading slides of ts -4407: "best practices for large-scale web sites : lessons from ebay "   '
john kirkham joins rob mac racing   '
it seems like the wii lacks good games ... '
rt irna employees . seek employment outside of iran . your careers are over unless you strike ! (via   ) '
fec : coleman can use campaign cash to defend himself   but doesn't give permission to use recount funds "
could obama's gift become his curse ?   "
  vou passar discretamente o link das sheldonshirts para minha namorada ... valeu a dica !!! '
  was de training leuk ? wil je me vanavond nog even bellen ? '
rt   golpe de estado tcnico en honduras y cerco meditico ... '
time to grab your free instant access to 2 of my instant article creation templates ==>   '
tweeting habits , daily , weekly , monthly   (expand) under "user statistics -> user habits " (pls rt ) '
"a low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls ." -- george w . bush '
good morning world ! i hope this shower wakes me up ! '
no main street for me tonight ! i'm with the white folks !   "
2 hrs of non-stop eating . amazing ! in los angeles , ca   '
rt   :   how u feelin right now ...u laker hater ! don't kare now in stay in diego "
rt   open house 6 /28/09 1 pm -3pm sugar hill co-op's 1 bdrm units for sale (harlem / morning ..   "
hello to   's dad ! "
rt   tmz : update : we just got off the phone with joe jackson , michael \'s dad , who says "he is not doing well . '
10 ways to re-energize your blog today   '
comentrio : quando um jogador caro , faz todo o sentido que a fc porto sad compre apenas uma parte ..   '
brandon sanderson , read his books , the man is wonderful . warbreaker is latched onto my brain currently . '
txenterequesting an invite for tweetboard alpha (http://tweetboard.com) by   , for my site :   '
rt   interesting read on umami , salt , and msg .   '
becky's gone ....sad faces all round . gonna miss watching all these bad movies and constantly taking the piss out of her accent .... :( "
this week has been nuts !!!! just freakin nuts !!!! '
the gay pride block party was ...intresting. to say the least . '
  well i have talked to her before and i had to always ask her to repeat herself . she is pretty though '
  pendant que tu dormais , ton post a fait le tour de twitter , flicitation ! '
rt   :   amare to the lakers ???? '
dvd trash feature : bava and deodato do glasgow   '
ich spre eine seelenverwandtschaft zu michael jackson , auch ich bin anders als andere . wer auch so fhlt :http://my-first-ti.me/?id=7513178 '
rt   : kayhan : ahmadinejad : "our response to medellings by the west will make them regret their actions "   '
chinese medicine is the shit . in both figurative connotation .   '
the top 100 twitters in finland   :   '
      thank you for the follow friday love . big hugs coming your way xoxo ;-) '
    - wow ! that's awesome ! "
taking the fam to get donuts in our pj's ...fun suff !! "
  !!!! '
3 webinars at once : 1 w / deloitte's chief talent officer , 1 on semantic search technologies , & 1 on social knowledge networks : argh &gt;_&lt; "
  hi what is so funny ? '
  '
rt   my bro   aka "legend of da hood " is now on twitter !!! yall need to follow da fam asap b4 he blow & ur bandwagon ! '
rt   nun gibt es den offenen brief an die mdbs auch als pdf :   -- faxt es an eure mdbs ! '
  dude you are gonna explode if ya hold that in . i would not want to be around you at 11 ! '
  - a friend just gave me this t-shirt . yes sur . '
is watching tokoyo drift '
  i take it from these internet videos that you are no longer the person to email regarding business w / charles ? i'm in the ... "
  portland is an odd city in that , i think even the successful people feel like that are failing '
  - chris giarusso sketch for magnus . 5 /09 '
just saw the version of our game bubble boom at the end of sprint demo . looking good , like the tilt control . '
i got 138 new followers today from   you can too ! '
rt   : rt   : attn . authors : npr is looking for flash fiction :   '
to indo dormir aki agora realmente amanh tem aula :o fui nessa :* '
children to be 1 st for h1n1 vaccine -   '
week in apple : wwdc mania ! iphone 3 g s , snow leopard , safari 4, more - ars technica   '
she told me to come but i was already there . '
  - smoking a macanudo and hoisting a 250 th stout in honor of mac the best dog . rip '
twittering from work i have now entered the club of people slacking off :d thankfully no-one i work with follows me ! the perfect crime '
jiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiggggggggggggggggggggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa '
spent time with the kid last night doesnt that give me a free pass not to deal with him today ? '
play vector effect , a free online game on kongregate -   '
microsoft and dod (department of defense ) defining windows 7 security (http://htxt.it/weud ) '
more forces and motion activities ...love the beginning /intermediate/advanced levels & pics /videos   '
impressed . turns out feminist porn does , or at least debatably attempts to , exist . '
  great giveaway . i entered ! '
rt   pr tip : create a "buzz" in the marketplace .   '
  well i work until 4 on friday then i gotta come home get my stuff and head out ...u guys should come up maybe sat morning '
  i have always dreamt to go to sensation white , but unfortunately never had time or buddies :( maybe this year poland . '
tfln (806): just found a copy of intimate toy times in my mom's trash can ...   "
poetry lesson #4: frame your brain is now posted on   enjoy ! '
  matt eeeven tho me and you arent friends anymore i still love you ! :) --&gt; were becoming best friends again !! '
    - effin sexy ! '
new blog post : beautiful perfume by estee lauder , 1 oz eau de parfum spray for women   '
wack ass calls ... '
  - hahaha '
floral mix !!!   '
van persie tetap di arsenal ...mantap!!..come on gunners !!! '
  i have to go sorry ! ttyl =&gt; '
rt   : est rolando debate timo no twitter paralelo inspirado por evento de vcs . blogueiros em tempo real . '
rt   : 10 am senate help committee health care hearings continue . see cmte site for video :   '
not having a good day at all '
rip farrah . she was an icon . i had her poster on my wall in '76 "
ah , o dia dos namorados ! aproveitem , que eu vou aproveitar o meu . =d '
  was ron jeremy there ? haha ! '
rt   stop motion video using 6,000 post-it notes :   very cool - very much so ! '
what about sports ? blog archive the lumbar pain spectrum : self-esteem and relationships may suffer while exper ..   '
adsense for mobile is a great way to earn money | adsense blog ...: adsense is an advertising program run bygoog ..   '
kobe trend ?how will twitter work , when bought by google today !!! so sad   '
whoa . such an awesome video .   '
rt   : die drohsel wirkt irgendwie wie eine schlersprecherin '
rt prunetuckybyron   i waited for will to wish you a non-voyage . funny , me too - i'm staying at my home away from home "
i have found a way to get thousands of twitter followers :   '
friends with benefits - tactical guide to social media marketing ...   '
reconhecido pelo coffito o rnhf como referencial mnimo   '
is zyon a good web host ?   '
  that's next on my agenda lol "
please retweet : just signed petition 'appeal to the un on the situation in iran ' -   "
brendondondondondondon '
recommended   to   'she is a deep thinker , passionate about iran and her work with refugees , an genuinel ...'   "
true blood looks pretty hor theres a new series the vampire diaries looks sexyy '
  (digix24) '
is bummed out . :(   '
rt     yes u can !! lol have a priv 8 sho 4 the mff n we'll call it even ! :-d "
waveburner '
from the paranormal giant alligator spotted in alabama   '
  is xbox live is working now ? '
  eu no ligo -not '
  thanks fiona never in a millions years did i think i would win !! '
industry-breaking newsgovernment fund plans 1.7 bln yuan in grants to tech smes [full article in chi ]   '
  a gle , to je nekakva ... kritika-kompliment :)) '
looking for eric was great . a proper feel good film unlike slumdog millionaire . '
now playing -- paul of creation - mistic rhodes -- on ore stone radio   '
is suppppeeerrrr bored . just got done swimming . '
  still trying ... '
you knock me offa my feet now babay , hoooo !   '
how is everybody doing out there . garden is really growing already . got little seedlings poking out of the ground . planted on sunday '
  unedited version ? i didn't know there was one . "
rt   : confused about twitter ? just be a provider of quality information 18   please retweet . '
marketing exec - b2b events - london -   pls rt '
[kyou-nire] asura cryin 04 [1024x576 h264 aac ][263d9031].mkv   '
rt   : the human mind , once stretched by a new idea , never regains its original dimensions .-holmes '
() [http://tinyurl.com/n83day]wwwamazonwww [] '
generate target traffic without search engines ...http://tinyurl.com/6kgepy '
rt   so sad to hear about michael . his music changed our lives .the world has lost an amazing singer and dancer . i will miss him . '
'
  either way she's still getting big "
-   '
rt   : think left and think right and think low and think high . oh , the thinks you can think up if only you try ! ~ dr . seuss '
rt   : space jam 2, starring kobe bryant . coming 2010 . lls '
new fashion clothes wedding dress for barbie doll bc05c   '
    - i wish i was there look at this view right about now . only cloudy sky where i am at . '
rt   : new alpha release is live fixing one small bug and adding retweet support ! '
manualidades : encaje de bolillo   '
now playing : funeral for a friend - you can't see the forest for the wolves   "
nu weer in de trein naar huis . morgen parochiemis in den haag . 'k denk dat ik zal preken over het priesterschap ... "
economy prompts more firms to waive drug co-payments   '
google wave : les dveloppeurs s'amusent avec les api - luka 13 /06/2009 23 :35 - zorgloob .com   "
showa then nichole's comin ova . i smell like hockey still ahah im icky "
rt   hilariante ! fotos de pessoas jogando xadrez em montanhas-russas   '
meybe my emails that i send to people in 2 years about more than 1 milion but my answers from the emails were less than 5 '
if you want to rank high in google search use your own name or business name in twitter ..@sashib '
  i hadn't thought of it but i rarely think of repercussions when i do or say something i find important . "
  i feel like there's enough exasperated slhers that really could be a trending topic . sad but true . "
rt   : the jacksons fan club founder featured on the essential michael jackson on bbc 2 is oddly reminiscent of flight of conchords mel '
142 comentarios de spam en el mismo post ! y 0 en el resto de post . qu selectivos son esos spammers ! '
rt   basics of building your twitter profile | ploked .com -   '
z powodu usterki zawrcono samolot lot-u : boeing 767 nalecy do lot-u z powodu usterki musia zawrci na warsz ..   '
newsnight last night focused on obama's attempts at a climate bill -   "
so true :( rt   :     hasn't been able to catch a break since he's been with the "
iran bans mousavi ally from leaving the country - irna : tehran (reuters) - iran has banned an ally of the countr ..   '
greater cleveland sports commission hopes youth movement brings ...   '
wow ! how about that ! i was scared off from joining them and i will tell you why . imtimidation . yes . i don't like being spied on ! noone does "
  demi your songs are very hard to siing ! i did one of miley's songs please watch it !!   "
  lmao '
omg check out this site thats getting me tons of followers a day , it actually works unlike other sites :   ... '
rt   brking news : it's 4 real , lexus blocks godaddy .com ad featuring american car from u . s . open .   "
how to get a job as a pianist   '
phuket thailand - your startpage to thailand . startpage 123   '
  hope for people in the eroge industry lies within augmented reality   and other tech whistles '
rt   news : colchester garrison residents get glimpse of future   '
  obrero mundial no . 185 col . del valle /   '
this movie needs to be seen by all   '
mythic employees surprised by jacobs ' exit -   "
breakfast and showering ! will twweeeeett back in a little bitt '
rt   want 2 talk w a savvy valley vc ? tune in 2 today 10 am pst to hear from warren packard of dfjhttp ://is.gd/19qnl '
  hugs & love for a great new adventure ... see only the good in yourself today ! '
  this chase is grand theft auto on easy ! '
que   hahaha '
anti-taliban cleric killed in pakistan blast | reuters : a prominent anti-taliban pakistani muslim cleric was kil ..   '
rt :   : maana rap grosero en az seleccionado por   and mev ---- sicierto ! '
thistles , nueva foto subida en flickr >   '
  c'est pas faux ^^ "
  i'd forgotten what it's like to come home to an apartment smelling like fresh lillies , it's wonderful :) "
wow that's crazy ! rt   apply in the city of bozeman & they ask for your social network passwords .   "
claims processor - luxottica retail - mason , oh   '
  '
senators take cowen with ninth pick in nhl draft   '
this be my hangover look ... hope it explains everything . its 9 :15 am and i'm not ever up this early even when ...   "
i thought tapering meant sleeping in ! damn running friends showing up from outta town ...and yet another perfect sunny day awaits :) '
100 tips , herramientas y recursos para twitter ..   '
reading from     '
event canceled . severe thunderstorm watch from 06 /16/09 04 :48 am cdt to 06 /16/09 06 :00 am cdt for central illinois .   '
rt   dont drink apple , pear or pineapple juice before camping . these mixed with your sweat , attract bees and wasps . '
rt   : rt   cjtf -82 launches facebook page to keep public informed -   '
black or white , sorry ! '
recent news reports of sweetener reformulations raise questions ...   '
micheal jackson died and i'm playing halo . what am i doing ? "
sunday in sf : gay pride parade and beach blanket babylon , priceless ! '
rt   : twanny thursday ? could catch on       maybe this will keep me out of bother ! '
ver .   '
thanks for the shout out . i agree but i'm partial ... rt   rep . ralph hall . best speaker you can get . "
no , a mi ta no la voy a agregar a facebook ... x_x '
new review posted : fastmac iv iphone battery :   '
  pft ...but jb will remember us for the resst of their lives ! '
  can not wait to see this roll on till 30 th june heee heee heee xxxx '
"bigtweet" bigtweet is seriously the best bookmarklet for twitter . i *highly* recommend you try it .   '
lesenswerte analyse von heine vs . v .d.leyen   '
rt   : zozketa irabazi panda global protection 2009 biruskontrakoaren ale bat   sorteamos 10 antivirus ! '
omfg @ 2 :40 !!!!! rt : sarahdoodlehttp ://bit.ly/9jzgl '
indo ao banho ;] '
  there are also shoes that looks like bathtubs . '
friday !!!!!! halleluyah ! '
redding news ailing mets slow pujols , beat cardinals 6 -4 - pr inside : new york (ap) - tim redding pi ..   '
  get me some fooool ): with mayo ! :d '
www .clubasaopaulo.com.br '
hi folks ! mind dropping me a recommendation at   ? much appreciated ! '
  nossa nem me fale , passa um filme na cabea oow :'( "
rt : 70 uni . faculties got arrested after meeting with mousavi today   '
stand up for iran - protest today outside iranian embassy in london (16 princes gate ) at 6 pm . rt ! '
rt   : we are saddened to report that life's iranian photojournalist is missing -   - "
good afternoon everybody ... '
  what happens in vegas , stays in vegas . except for herpes . use promo code hangover   '
[yahoo] cagliari , marchetti gioved il riscatto della met : il cagliari gioved riscatter lamet del ca ..   '
adding more email accounts to the new all in one email system .   oh and tweeting from within my fuser account . : ) '
  jeezs , geek ! '
p .y.t is my favorite michael jackson song .     what's yours ? "
photo : kellypaulette : win ! i dont know many who like greeley estates :) you rule .   '
  still one of the most played bands on my ipod . i probably listen to the first three records almost as much as anything else . '
rt   : stop complaining ! relentless repetitive positive self talk is what will see you thru ! (stay up beat !) '
thiratti .com   '
argh ! i can't get any internet . depressing -_- "
kurt vonnegut's 8 rules for writing fiction . - davehyndman :   "
everybody has an agenda ... rt   : u .s. government asks twitter to stay up for crisis -   '
recht : onlinerecht   '
  ya bday pics were fab ! all of yall looked amazing for real ! i told quanna she needs to bring me to harlem lol '
rt   : sticks and stones can break your bones but words cause permanent damage ! '
french crash investigation advancing : official .   '
: bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq bbq ! '
i know i'm lagging , but lost 5 is the shhhh .... "
rt   : k mart looked good !yes '
loan processor - phoenix , az (http://tinyurl.com/mdubax) get loan processor jobs '
meghalt a n , aki megszta az air france katasztrfjt , erre a twitteren trendelni kezdett a final destination . tessk , mg n is lertam . '
20 awesome travel deals : $29+ caribbean airfare , 8 nights in china $799+, $115 new times sq . hotel & more :   '
rt   : "rt   : respect all food , and avoid its waste , because it is life itself - thomas keller " '
rt : will the libs sell bc hydro ? general electric & plutonic shareholders are betting on it :   '
listening to 'wobble wobble (album version )' by 504 boyz     "
it really depends on what time you're in t .o. it would be best to do it before my dinner meeting , if possible .   "
rt   : go lakers !! i see you jumped on the band wagon !!! '
listen   '
hey   shout me out !!! (ptwittytv live >   '
  break rank !! get pics !! please ! '
eleanor rigby by wes montgomery   '
    - haha .. glad you can fianlly drink . (i follow you - does that not sound creepy , like "jack, i follo ... '
likes the sound of chickens half asleep . '
3   '
  - drawing contest @ mitsuwa market . the kooky factor on this one stood out to me . lol '
reading : legal eagles : your 5 top social networking sites for job search   '
rt   : all we need is love !!!!! all we need is love ! all we need is love love ! love is all we need !!! i love you guys ! i'm so ble ... "
i am thinking about a place near the beach to vacacionar , making sport near the beach the best destinies '
andy murray is through ! i need someone to root for since rafa is out and i like his intensity . azarenka is my ladies choice . '
aff queimei minha mao :~~~~~~~~~ '
  get 100 followers a day using www .tweeterfollow.com once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip :) '
i like it ! and i reserve the right to change as well ! rt   '
need to lose weight ? read my story , and see how i did ! it helped me look what i look like today   '
  since this room is an icebox i'm bringing a blanket there was a kid with swine flu at school and ... "
omg torso . '
"real love stories never have endings ." richard bach '
one person killed in small-plane crash at crystal airport - minneapolis star tribune   '
michal jackson is dead   '
my daily twittascope -   '
  but chattanooga wins with retail establishments on the river . i like gabp , but it was a shame to waste that space w / a stadium '
  the reading was great . we had about 75 people who all seemed to enjoy themselves . we might have gotten an intern out of it too . '
updating the blog . my last post : knee surgery photos :   '
cnn : breaking news : jacko in hospital '
welcome everybody :   . tags : slumdog millionaire austin santa v-day oprah '
  thx 4 the rt ! the last 6 months of michael jackson's life : a facinating read -   "
15 /06/09 12 :10:15: the mood message number : '17.1' "
  thanks ! good to have inside info '
oh how i want to be the princess of methilhill   '
new best seller : "my classic american composers " @ davies symphony hall (san francisco , ca )   '
12 week coaching packages just for pregnant & new moms   '
i need to add a photo , i guess i can't do it thru my iphone :( "
darrrrrn . chemistry test tomorrow and i haven't touched the textbooks . crapcrapcrap &gt;:t "
rt   :   that nap is gonna be 4 days long !<---u kno it ! lmao '
heading to bed soon ... its been a looong n beautiful day 1 !! xoxx '
just about to put on my prom dress , tonights gonna be great '
astana can dream -- lance armstrong goes for 8   '
  man i must have just missed you ! :( '
"this place is like a padlock . you look shocked - trust me . nothing ever moves but the dust ." '
wanting to watch transformers !!! '
bing cherries ! yaaay !   '
  yea mine was great slept like a baby !! :d '
  - pick a color any color ! '
rt   : i left my itouch lay in 207 a during 3 :30 smartboard session - let me know if anyone finds it =:( '
angel fragrance by thierry mugler at 29 % off     '
i gotta believe chesstweets is a perfect way to get yourself unfollowed :   '
  thankss . what's best for you ? saturday before or saturday after ? (4th or 1 th ) "
hey   i could see me working the pole to this song (the day of genesis live >   '
says wala akong masabi . gusto ko na atang umuwi . pero di pa pwede eh . amp ! :'-(   "
oreck halo vacuum giveaway   valued at $600   '
rt   : i liked mj . especially his karnatic music album and his kathakali . '
rt   one thing that makes me laugh : computer viruses that you get from porn sites . rock on , our ironic future ... '
rt   : change your twitter location to tehran and time to gmt +3.5. helps people trying to get info out by confusing snoops . '
not news : dog bites man . news : man bites dog . fark : man & dog fall through airport floor into lagoon of excremen ..   '
morning - omg . i think the sun is rising . no sleep . all nighter . woot .   '
  vai treinar ... pra de ficar no twitter ... safado !!! '
rip farah '
sayu lak ngan father's day nih ..   "
rt   : idea : compare what \'s real to what \'s going on inside your mind ...which "visualization" is stronger ? what do you need to ... '
" i recently started taking metformin , and this is my second refill-the first two bottles i didn \'t notice anyt   '
  gettin ready for workk .. blehh aha '
  girl let me go to bed . this day on twitter has been a trip ! '
2 hours left to enter to win a $25 bear bucks gc   '
travel : into the blue at greece   '
rt   : i wholeheartedly love niggas . '
rt   ronaldo's short shorts cause a surge in sales at debenhams -   "
is out of vermont for a while :) '
rt just intvwd analyst who thinks iran authorities are calling the new protests , bringing out front line of protesters so they pick them off '
great website for your business hutches affiliate marketing : the internet is not only a great place to do busi ..   '
practical footwear fetishist also stalker , pedophile [ugh]: place your bets : how long will it take before this story , abo   '
  win ! lol   '
education , where your inspiration starts   awesome !!! '
at norwalk ohio . headed to cedar point park . home of the fastest scariest roller coasters . big fun lol '
rt   having textual intercourse .. lol (lmfao.....ha!!!) '
  gooood job !!!   '
  '
damn my sunburn hurts its the worst ever '
watching some arrested development , and then sleepy-poo . '
mu performing arts revives a rodgers and hammerstein musical ...   '
fiddling with my blog post : (   ) '
new blog post : 2012 is that the doomsday year as predicted ?   '
investigation shows that swedish companies are lagging behind in social media   '
do something green for the team   [vested interest alert : i wrote the copy ] '
good morning to everyone and hello to a beautiful day '
incogkate - u tell us what to do then (phishtube broadcast live >   '
  ~ '
  i'm so sorry to hear that , hun ! i'll keep her in my thoughts and prayers . *hugs* "
rt   : niggas really still tweetin bout this game son ? '
vladimir klitschko l-a nvins categoric pe chagaev , dar uzbecul rmne cu centura wba : vladimir klitschko nu a a ..   '
"jornalismo: cai exigncia de diploma " e agora ? agora aguenta a baguna ! '
rt   : tehran is burning with the blood of our martyrs - the streets are full of dead - '
blog post : iphone 3 g s & palm pre - which is better ?   '
buen da a todos ! '
why is a nudist site talking to me ? i have not talked once today about being naked . '
literally sat in the sun for 5 mins yesterday and had now got sun burn great ! '
medical videos - laparoscopic roux-en-y gastric bypass : laparoscopic roux-en-y gastric bypass wi ..   '
slumdogs dnb mix of zed bias's neighborhood is of the chain ! "
still unemployed !! anyone hiring payroll professionals in atlanta ? '
listening to michael jackson number ones while driving to bcd . '
fiddling with my blog post : the twilight saga : new moon - in theaters may 31, 2009 (   ) '
that rollercoaster was kind of scary rt   : funtime usa ? niggas was on that b44 for eva !! '
450 new followers a day - no sale - totally free -   '
  golf lover ? i think my updates will add value ! '
  ooh you're so sweet . i just wrote no more free work : the remix for monday . "
not losing his touch , afraid to be imprisoned rt   : bill o'reilly's losing his touch , he's way 2 easy on hussein obama !;-( "
excellent !! rt   : lieberman opposes public plan in obamacare   '
"i\'m a non smoker ! i \'m a non smoker !" '
  xau marta !! :-)) '
coach with its 4 th q profit down from recession come out w / a new cheaper line , poppy collection . will it damage the brand image ? '
being gay . '
that's my city ! rt   only in charlotte can i an ice cream truck still going around the neighborhood at 9 pm "
play unlimited free sudoku puzzles daily at   '
    - loving the scruff look have a safe trip '
  you made your home town paper , to bad they miss-spelled your name   the home news tribune at its best '
holiday inn express spingfield , va -   '
ph :"&gt; '
fdic orders online bank auction of furniture , fixtures and ...   '
making an animal a super star on zooreka .com.   '
rt   : wassup y'all its been a minute , shoutout to all my new followers ! (hail up !! super star !! lol ) "
my daily twittascope -   '
reuters : bernanke , a machiavellian schemer ? |   '
on the train home from download ... yay no more portaloos ! '
nice day , i'm going to run at the track ! "
cory doctorow in the news today rt   videos from chicago production of little brother play   '
stock futures mixed as oil falls , dollar firms : stock index futures pointed to a mixed open on wall street on fr ..   '
  -   again .. that sexy body '
rt     and they said he wouldn't harm a fly || lol "
just added myself to the   twitter directory under : . i love all things jersey . '
playing with eye shadow with my sisters ..we had different colour for each eyes !!haha '
hey   have you thought of parodying hollywood undead ? (#weirdal live >   '
finally ! caught the ghosties in my cage on film   '
nick cannon wooed mariah carey with prayer - over a plate of fries !   '
intense massage today--lots of emotions . '
i'm at the san diego zoo , chillin with the giraffes   "
it's so sad that michael jackson is dead ... but i'm happy because i'm at my babies place . i'm so in love "
don't blink or you'll miss it : 'r/c gliders cruise the mountainside at 392 mph '   "
  hey i didn't know you guys were here :-) check my account , i order a lot from you guys . great service !! "
wow transformers got a little hood in this movie lol !!! '
  cool update :d '
  8587 '
mas meu , eu no sei histria :s '
rt totally awesome !   awesome ! barrel monster gets n .c. student arrested :   '
waked up at 4 am . '
rt   : louisiana gov jindal vows to veto all arts funding . email your legislator ! '
daily box score 6 /27: cold weather and nerds with microphones : does it seem like it has been extra cold this spr ..   '
  oh good god . you've got   vibrating about you now . again , i say - take that , robcometx ! "
  lol you wish boys didn't exist - probably the one thing i never thought i'd hear shenin omay say . "
reading : "mo chp nh p khi i du lch " (   ) '
  - sometimes this stressfull life of a model can be just nice ! i liiiike !! ;] '
  you should have conor oberst , jenny lewis , katy perry , the kills , lady gaga , or flight of the conchords on as musical guests ! '
now loaded tinytwitter , which is even better than twitterberry . this is so addictive . '
recap's up . woohoo , what a great game , at last ! "
wondering if it's wise to install a light fixture with absolutely no knowledge of electricity ... it can't be that hard ... right ??... "
como booooom rir dos outros ! iuhsauiashsauisa '
j'coute maurice sur ouifm ... comme au bon vieux temps . "
  great pics , derek ! thanks for posting '
[bbc feed ] works to close motorway off-ramp : the paisley road off-ramp on the m8 is to be closed for a ..   '
freebies 06 /12/2009: like these freebies ? sign up to free our newsletter and get them delivered to your inbox ! f ..   '
sms twitter vn : drtsms application '
my mother and the ultimate oxymoron .   '
omgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg '
a glimpse into the shallow end of the gene pool rt   rt     '
feedburner it >> surebet - sport arbs a4 guadagnare + 20 % in 42 giorni   '
new book cover featuring 'new moon ' cast - theinsider .com   "
  recomend a otros usuarios para que te sigan , lee esto   '
  if you add poor job & total disaster on obama iran policy it is over 80 % says he sucks '
  haha i know you absolute pein . come stay tomorrow . there's loads going on the evening . comedy & music events . x "
  it would indeed , and all the letters through the door , i bet your post would never get mixed up . '
rt   : barefoot and collecting shoes for soles 4 souls '
rt   : follow                     '
[ / statter ]   210   '
  '
textorizer   via www .diigo.com/~elepants '
ughh , dreading monday ! '
  hahaa 'porcaria da ivete sangalo ' ehusuhauhauhahue mas verdade , haja saco pra aturar quando esses tb morrerem ... "
  answerr my text hahahahahaa , '
rt   : 116 new service members in need of letters from home - sign up here to write them :   '
i could do anyding ! can u ? '
friend visiting   in den . sweetie pie banished to back room with me . she is not happy ...lying by door whining . bless her heart ! '
can't sleep "
business credit cards : the cards that can make you rich -   '
samba : no me deixaste ir ao samba (carlos cachaa )   '
rt   : cboe s &p 500 index - $spx july 900 call vol is at 25, puts r at 28, aug 900 call vol is at 25, puts at 30   '
why read book blogs ? myself ,   and   vlog the answer :   '
just added myself to the   twitter directory under : '
  jajja bueno tal vez william hahaha '
    - those two look like boxers ?!? '
'
rt   want a milkshake from   again , thanks a lot   for continuing an addiction to encased meats . '
facebook poll on pres obama's performance are 52 % disapp , 42 % app and 6 % undec with 255,448 votes . cnn #s diff with only 1000 votes . hmmm "
rt   imma meet drake real soon ! - i met him :) -don't wanna sound corny but i met him to =] haha "
here is the url for facemic :   - you can check it out on my facebook profile if you are my friend :-) '
  so glad you liked . thank you for the rt :)) '
    - (((((((just thought i'd let everybody know )))))))))))) mitchell davis is freeking amazing "
miraculous -   '
digital photography school : a basic food photography kit   '
goodmorning twurpz on my way to the dentist ...im soooo scared ! had a ball last night . . . .ttyl '
  oh , i think i got it xd '
!   '
the patience test . '
rt   : sky news pictures from the double train crash in washington d .c.:   [holy cow ] '
rt   :   you about to make me go get the same thing <----do exactly that ... that was good !!! '
get hundreds of followers a day !   '
  ficou ootema ! '
my daily twittascope -   '
wants to go see transformers 2   '
rt   chez presse-citron : comment choisir son nom personnalis sur facebook   '
rt   jquery howto : find & select all external links with jquery   '
  i think i seen like 2 episodes from the first season ... i prefer cartoons ... '
officially unemployed . no more mooching off of jess for a while . i finally get a break and can relax =).but help me find a new chill job plz '
from bad to worst and im still working '
learning to extend my patience by being at the mercy of businesses making corporate decisions about creative endeavors . '
1 '
good things should never end - oranges unlimited web page [pic]   '
visualizin the realism of life and actuality fcuk who's the baddest a person's status depends on salary & my mentality is money orientated "
natural protein shake for body building and not losing weight ?   '
it's hot as hell already !!!! "
i said ty earlier bt was in twitterjail .. sorry .. thank you ~>rt   :   you rock !!!!!!!! officially !!!!! ;) '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   : 10 ways to instantly increase your jquery performance :   (by   ) '
hmmmmm   '
field trip is done ! wow the kids now days r crazy ! had a great time though my toots was happy :) now headin 2 the salon (work,work,work)! '
rt   : this pic keeps coming up and i luv rting it   '
says waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah banyak sodara dari palembang   '
i just took the "london/paris/los angeles /rome?" quiz and got : paris ! try it :   '
  keep all your savings as free gift from   '
jayhakimi this is one of the most stylish and best little devices i've seen in a while . mino hd video check it out :   "
you want commitment ? put on your best suit , get your arms around me , now we're going down ,down,down "
  claro que sim . d-me impresso que a minha amiga no trabalha para a pfizer '
nawl , i'm good . he aight . rt   :   ive created a protest page to obama 4 not releasing statement to mj . please join "
rt     ha ! so you still horizontal ? :haha! you had to be there "...solved!...post pics !! '
    - beautiful ... i love '
what would it look like if prince and truman capote had a love child ? maybe something like this : >   '
my daily twittascope -   '
  en blogs y la web . '
rt   ! : , '
  dm me sometime those are the only tweets i choose to get on the cell ... '
  etc '
rt   : receive complimentary cloud starter kit when you attend ibm cloudburst webcast 6 /25 (tomorrow!)   '
*new blog post ! feast of fields tickets on sale !!   '
rt   : santana killin it   '
'
new blog post : when ya plan fi get in brand new shirts ?   '
rt   flip flop : how we went to routine cesarean for breech & back again in the era of evidence-based medicine .   '
  wish you were here ! '
peta on kardashian showing their idiotic shock videos - let's look at spokespeople ...al sharpton , pam anderson , now kardashians - brilliant ! "
2 weeks until entourage is back . hells yea people ! bring it ....boom!   '
  it's better to administer a tweet down than a beat down i guess . "
found the geocache cent park cache   '
sorry i didn't believe you michael ...http://bit.ly/gbavk "
had to send a determination picture of me working hard on some new material   '
columbus dispatch >> cincinnati reds statistics   '
bp036 |enko posttok ep : enko a creative pseudonym of the musician by name of artem , kno ..   '
nachos a la     '
beyonceeeeeeeeeeee   '
paidcontent's quick hits   "
    - se fosse o rafinha , estaria postando sobre o desconforto .certeza! '
rt   : iamridingthe wave r u ? join me and be awesomeness '
blog post : how can i support and their post protests ?   '
yummy treat ! adagio teas is allowing me to tweet a $5 gift certificate . gc : 330334892 . expires in 24 hours .   '
  i am but its on saturday , tomorrows friday . '
follow my ppl !! rt   rt   : still on the phone wit   we talkin an doin promo right now ! r u followin us ? '
  just wanted to make sure i didn't miss it ...i might have to bug you on something tommorow ..( pricing question ) "
eu e vera - veja mais :   '
rt   : here is the story on the successor to dean blais in fargo ...   '
  donc ce n'est pas un fake [lol]. "
  hi there ! lol .. many times ... i'm just listening though . maybe a random person will see it and look and bam ! a new fan for sam . "
  '
you can make $200.00 a day on twitter see how here !   tehran tweet deck iphone at &t follow friday tgif '
  i \'ve been told they are just spammers . tweet "@ spam @ uvw 107 " to report .   '
loves canada , esp . ontario & niagara region , b .c., and sarah harmer :   '
nouveau monde   '
hey   lol yo douggie (liljjtv live >   '
i can't believe i missed the world's biggest ice cream . free ice cream . with a parade . goddamnit .   "
structured lunch   '
  !! '
sex and the sequel script secrets !!! -   '
new summer dress ,   '
they say if you love something let it go , if it comes back thats how you know its for keeps , that its for sure . '
  have a safe trip !!! :) '
[news] pirate bay : court nearing decision on conflict claim - pc world : pirate bay : court nearing decision ..   '
rt   ! free music ! '
celebrity videos michael jacksons kids fathered by dermatologist : as the world around mic ..   '
reading : "comunicacin cultural | libro gratis de chris anderson " (http://twitthis.com/3fp7hc) '
wise shoppers read the buyers guide and product reviews before ...: but rapidly falling prices will make led bac ..   '
tony mowbray is confirmed as celtic manager , replacing gordon strachan who quit after missing out on the spl title .   '
daily : 13 th june 2009 | sidepodcast : your weekly f1 podcast   '
rt   :   only after they signed up to be scientologists ...also they had to be careful not to outshine his personality .<no '
check out : "emaar mgf - projects of emaar mgf | builders and developers " (http://twitthis.com/darypn) '
another day to find a way   '
today's frivolous lawsuit of the day goes to :   "
the conservative comeback : the worst advice ever given   '
danny said : often times our lives feel overwhelming ...take off blindfold and look around , everyone has ...   '
new blog post : no reason to panic , palace says of rp "s first a (h1n1)-related death (gma news )   '
  thank you for recommending artfire ! we appreciate your support ! :o) '
rt   : editorial : on what to expect from iphone 3 g s reviews , and why | (interesting article from ilounge )   '
  u already no homey '
rt   : "j.k. rowling charged with plagiarismagain ?" (   ) '
cat c class 2 lorry mounted forklift operators moffet ...: we need to recruit experienced ca ..   '
build your own website starter kit is born | how this website ...   '
  hahaahahhahaahh '
at starbucks : at star bucks gettin my free wifi game up i wish starbucks had free refills :(   '
how exactly do you pronounce pastagina ? xk   '
ning stephie nguyen left a comment for alessandra romano   '
rt   : reading : nurses ponder new role in prevention :   '
you rock my world , always have and always will . rest in paradise . '
need prospects ? use twisted twitter secrets   '
:)   '
hey wow this cain has a chin (live: ufc 99 the comback (high quality ) live >   '
sarkozy says burqas are 'not welcome ' in france :   "
things you wouldn't expect to say to yr kids : please take you syringe to your room .   "
  lol '
a fonte liberou de falar , espero que no prejudique a negociao , mas a ambev escolheu a skol , e agora brahmeiros ? '
  -ha and yea , i agree . btw , i remember talking w / you on the ai boards ab my (now ex ) bf being jealous of my anoop crush ...:p '
essa pra lembrar o luis fabiano .... finalzinho o melhor ...   '
link is to photos ! rt     '
just baked cookies .   '
if you are like me you may find this link useful /inspiring/interesting:   warning : 30 min mp3 file ahead . '
nelson pang reads , carrington plans mortgage hfs   '
stanton james .com announces lotta stensson's summer line is now up ... - pr .com (press release ) stanton james .com anno ..   "
rt   ..can u listen in on a live teleseminar i'm doing on july 9 th , 7 :30pm est ? it'd b great 2 share   "
wow i can't even remember the last time i got so many texts back to back . my battery damn near dead but shit fucked up 4 real tho "
does "guarded optimism " mean we *might* be seeing a dance with dragons in , oh , i don \'t know , the next year ?   '
sleeeep ! finally '
whoa rt   : new study reveals structure of the hiv protein shell   '
photo :   '
in my twitter ... in my twitter : me dice un : in my twitter : me dice un pajarito que u ..   '
wow ! kudos to ft for "patients guide to magic medicine ". great images and glossary !   '
tl '
i'm mulling mine over ... rt   the missed list   "
about to set up for dinner . seafood night ! :) '
  rt which celebrity will go next ? what abt fred hayward from mean mr . mustard ? hmm , perhaps he wasnt in the league of mj & ff '
eksperimenterer med tranebrjuice .. '
13 shopping themed ps brushes : i have been addicted lately to making brushes . somebody , please stop me . actually ..   '
pretty by pistachio jewellery launches on monday 6 july   '
  we do have a video up from our first event . and it is hilarious .   '
can someone from florida help me ????? - car dealers discussions at ...   '
  omg ! yeah ! its the eyes . [: '
please sign the petition and forward it to others   '
  no no no-i will play it !!! if i sang it here on earth ...all would run !! ;) blessings my dear friend ! '
it is a fundamental law of nature that nothing ever quite works out . -- murphy's seventh law "
  *tw* '
um yeah lmfao ps was it me r was his hands huge ??? rt   ttp ://bit.ly/tnams<<>>omg!! lmao ! '
kinda sad , listening 2 music like always '
rt   : the truth will set you free . - (john 8 :32) '
want to see north point online , the complete worship experience . go to   '
awe !!! rt   : dave covers michael jackson in london !   '
  - look who i'm with ! hint ! kgmb 9 "
rt   : damn the oxy clean guy died ?!?!?! wow . rip billy mays dude we had 2 say this to much this week man what the fuck '
almost got killed via my friend popping the clutch on the way back from home depot ? yeah . '
going tanning ! slowly getting dark but it's worth it lol ;) "
drxeno ($feed) - updates to the winelog twitter feeds   '
rt   ewwwwww ...pg stands for pretty greasy ....just passed thru a flock of them pg chicks ..no pun intended ..pgc..pretty gr ... '
rt : siriusxm app on the iphone is totally lame without howard : siriusxm app on the iphone is totally lame wit ..   '
nu op studio 80 radio (http://is.gd/tf6w): sam k , perspectiv wttf , 12 oktober 2008 '
que chuvinha chata ... hunf .... perfeito pra ficar em casa , no para ir trabalhar daqui a pouco ... como eu !! =\\ '
sign up free and get 400 followers a day using   '
working on things '
rt   rt   : what is bigger threat ? global warming or global warming legislation   idiots who enact legislation '
home and relaxing - about to watch ellen . '
check out the video book trailer for susan andersen \'s latest romance novel (due in july !): "bending the rules ".   '
lll .. como , eu me irrito com essas posersinhas :@ no tem mais nada pra faser '
i just took the "what muppet are you ?" quiz and got : scooter ! try it :   '
rt   from $0.30 to $300 / day on google adsense part 2 - how to make money : in my last pos ..   '
rt   : i would live in nyc and have my dream job :)>> me , too . '
why does somebody else has to tell me about you ? '
  -   in nz , spinning !! the scenery is fabulous ! '
rt   : rt   firefox 3.5 will be available later today . help us spread the word !   '
  those biz qual rules stink ! sorry . :( '
rt   : likely pedro signer (in order ): 1 . cubs 2 . rays 3 . dodgers 4 . mets 5 . yanks . (ny teams long shots ) '
back door to the discovery channel's producer's portal : submissions , standards , etc :   "
i just updated my squidoo page : jaguar julie -- lensography of a wahww /   '
win an iphone gift card from   . they are giving away one everyday !   '
  oh i would hate that ! hope you don't get rheumatism now ! how about blow-drying it ? ;) "
rt   : igoogle beta for iphone and android adds speed , tabs : media :   a ..   "
  : -   '
rt   : menikmati es krim . oldies berat ini tempat . berdiri sejak thn 1932 --> es krimnya ga dr thn 1932 dong ? kadaluwarsa kaleee '
  i kno i rock hahaha '
sitting at school during boring economic lesson ... '
new post on   : where is my vote ?: iranians organize online " (http://bit.ly/ynsr6) (rt   ) '
class 10 sdhc   '
aw man ,i loved it in chicagoland and in socal patronize these icons will ya ?     '
m &c world news japan urges iran to settle conflict , expresses concerns : tokyo - japan urged iran ..   '
  playing any guitar on that off day ? '
  the sun is back in socal , yes . highs in the consistent upper 70 's. "
beer & the magic game . '
  good to hear kay . that is one open minded upline . there will be more and more of them . '
[11:29] sould out - grown kidz ~ 14 listeners (2 vip ) ~   '
  '
  there's a difference ? "
overstap trainer kan voor bodde grote gevolgen hebben   '
la belgique comme j'aime la vivre ...   "
chad qualls hurt '
...dense fog expected through the early morning hours ... .abundant low level moisture ...combined with the wet gr ..   '
wants a brazilian booty , so for now zumba :   '
  via   '
  morning :) hope your day goes well for you ..outta here now to smack some clients :) ciao '
new blog post : beyonce knowles - ego lyrics & video   '
for consideration : i hear consensus that the loyalty space actually needs several hashtags to help identify content ... '
  maybe he still has his shorts in a knot because of this clip   '
my daily twittascope -   '
  ok , what do you know about battle of the planets playa ?   '
4 th of july party and then like 2 parties in august ...oh yeah , im planning a party right now , too for june :d '
jean charles   em fatos reais '
rt :   : door slams on hopes for change in iran :   (nytimes) '
  - should i give him a pound or push him off the stage or hit him in his nappy head with my pocket size auto tun ... '
tonight in vegas !   spinning studio 54 ! '
turkey . you already know '
  pic of mt hood from this past weekend '
can't get enough of this song . do you have someone worth fighting for ? :)   "
paul krugman : when it comes to domestic policy , there are two barack obamas .   '
                    '
i saw yung la in my city a couple days ago , y didnt i have a cd with me , i swear i got that music dat everybody waitin on hearin , eventually '
rt   : stay with bno for continuing coverage as train carrying gas explodes in italian city , killing an unknown number of people . '
  '
rt   get well or pay   '
keine t-kom binduing mehr ab 2010 ..? mal schauen ob das nicht vielleicht eine kleine kostenerspa ... via     '
rt   : social collaboration game parts 1 to 5   '
la la la , it's so weird but my dad is actually supporting me in my photography dreams :d this'll be so much better when i drive ;) "
  - going to the mall :) '
waiting for the results of the ''what flavor ice cream are you ?'' quiz ! :d exciting !! "
masakit pa din ang ulo . :(   '
  die spijbelt vandaag '
  give us something xtina's been keepin ' us dry we have nothing c'mon bro u know u got it down for the aguilera stans ! "
audioboo : network of outlaws   '
crescent moon in black , should i do another in a different color ?   '
happy fathers day to all the dads out there . my dad , josh , travis barker , lil wayne , mc hammer , rev run , and everyone else !!! much love 2 u '
reading '
rt   masset not the usual masset . leadoff double , four pitch walk and two wild pitches lead to a atl run . rhodes finishes . 4 -3 ... '
info on wakeboard towers - windows live : if you like to catch a gust of air while wakeboarding , wakeboard towers ..   '
planning on indulging with raw chocolate cake   and homemade soft serve ice cream ! '
my daily twittascope -   '
police find marijuana and cash at brooklyn day care center : investigators seized more than 10 pounds of marijuan ..   '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt : the voice of the ppl must be heard !   '
rt   :   yes i am . i think that was a break in case of emergency message mike had in that song . ---sing 3 xs clicking heels .. '
some nice   user modifications listed here :   (some i haven't even seen ) "
thank you !!! :-) woooooooohhh !!! rt   :   congrats !!! '
oia meu blog ... ta cruzinho ....rs .. comecei a fazer hj ....kkkk   '
tl '
updated page about wnem at   '
i have plenty of ugly and big scratch marks on my chest atm , like i got into a fight with wolverine . i really need to quit biting my nails . '
rt   : tweetdeck for iphone wins . totally !!! '
edinburgh news phone-in father gets cut off : he has been on air for 30 years , offering help and ad ..   '
haha and o ya he a pimp now :   '
definitelyrt   : that ...would be awesome ! rt   :   thank you for giving us . now how about another season ? :) '
pirate-hunting cruises   '
don't let an economy in the dumps keep you from getting what you want . use this proven system to get thousands a month .   "
  no , it was lindseys room and the laundry room again ! '
so not used to waking up for school anymore . zz . why so much research for a friggin photography class '
rt   : follow friday ~~>       thank you ! ~kammy~ '
my daily twittascope -   '
just dont understand people sumtime ugh !!!!!!!!!like is this how u treat peopl that has been nothin but good to u but still be blessed '
mutionu tundis kirjasna rnnakut   '
saudi gazette call for intellectual works to boost islamic ...   '
  '
i just took the "what paranormal creature do you symbolize ?" quiz and got : fairy ! try it :   '
  - i won't worry my life away . "
rainyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy '
global warming wrong again   new read '
i just took the "are you a real disney fan ?" quiz and got : you \'re a disney channel fanatic !! try it :   '
woooh , 1600 th one right here ! haha , gooodnightt again :) &lt;33 '
california's not the weird one anymore - los angeles times   "
run !! rt   see ?   '
quote of the day : the truth is : secrets are necessary . '
allergan wins fda approval for eye treatment : boston (marketwatch) -- allergan inc . said thursday that it has won ..   ... '
itzbeen baby care timer giveaway   '
$132.99 - hauppauge wintv-hvr -2250 media center kit dual tv tuner 1213 pci-express x1 interface - retail : ..   '
  i would never ! i love it - i get to hear shows for free from the comfort of his balcony on 9 th & red river . '
exactly . '
  ooendns borks isp content freezones - you'll pay for downloads . but is good for clean feeds "
t-mobile dash 3 g now officially official , makes speedy arrival in july : exactly as we heard , t-mobile's manage ..   "
say what ? hillary clinton was right ~ it takes a village rt   : learning twitter and watching the events in iran '
rt   -don't forget ! lakestone's wine & cheese party is tonight from 6 -8pm.www.sharp-residential.com-http://tinyurl.com/nx384x "
  ya beatz mad hott bro !!! '
omg tupac died ! '
    - oh yummmmm ! you are a bad journalist for making us suffer like this ! my mouth is watering ... '
rt   : early bird registration for the 09 /09/09 kirkpatrick event ends july 15 th ! register today ! '
rt   you need some healing tunes ! please check his voice heals my soul !   '
'
now playing -- 5 th man down - waves of chance -- on ore stone radio   '
i know why gay   '
water-hunting satellite to reach moon tuesday   '
  - lets build a bridge with a bend in it ! '
  preview of a party i had in providence ,ky it was poppin im haveing one on the 27 th '
at tinas ; headed home to clean ! woo :) '
  and perfect to get a place there . everything has , a perfect purpose . '
  esa es una buena noticia , que microsoft baje el precio de su windows 7, en que se basaran para establecer el precio ? '
added a bunch of vintage postcards to the shop   '
it's so beautiful outside ! can i please move my desk /computer in the sunlight ? love dc summers ! "
i'm having this awful crush on g-dragon of big bang . he's so cute & i love the way he dances . i think i'm falling in love .haha "
jeux blackjack casino - top blackjack en ligne - best blackjack jeux : they have employed internet marketing spec ..   '
pizza hut should be ashamed of what the deliver to people .. i wish i could figure out how to twitpic you this . '
interesting debate last night at   on finding value in the cloud '
  it took 900 years for venice to allow women to steer a boat ? '
is this so difficult to everybody ? or it just me ? so sleepy . stressed . '
  go right ahead honey ! '
agora : special michael "gnio" jackson na mtv . '
  dorme bem (: '
just bought a yarygin pya grach pistol .   '
deuce to seven going way too slow . need a cooler . where's   ? "
  - young sami with some wolves '
is at home resting from work . no work tomorrow :) '
"did caesar really live here ?! ... didn \'t think so ." '
virtua tennis 2009 jetzt auch fr wii auf consoles :   '
is going to be a lazy day (i hope ). '
  : "bill withers - use me " great tune ! i love this ...   ~8ez7y '
this stuff is sort of fun . just reading them i'm like yes yes yes . no yes yes no . lol "
spending day watching lions v . south africa and murray at wimbledon ! not much else will get done ! '
urban camping . una tenda a forma di auto .   '
star wars for sale - star wars potf power of the force luke stormtrooper moc - go to   '
  hi gi how's the horseriding getting on ? i'm going to see my pony in a wee while :)his name's diamond   x "
  jazakallahukhair for the rt and info . original credit goes to lessonsoftheday .blogspot.com '
sketchy yelp review of the day : brunch > seattle > sodo =   '
rt   : uh oh ..> shaq , how's the officiating going in your opinion . "
free money   '
fanboying -   '
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
  uma musica e sim , vou sim .to decidindo que trapo usar ,e tu sabes onde fica a pizzaria ? '
rt   : where is 3.0 update ? it seems that 6 pm is uk release time :x '
optimize your direct mail -   '
rt   : tune into royal radio 106.3 fm now from 4 -6pm as mad out frm mad muzik ..plays da best of best n muzik !! so livee !!! '
  made a   site for css basics . like it , ash . check it if you need css advice that makes sense .   '
go back & delete all past tweets that may have iran usernames . arrests have been made . please rt & ensure all see this '
now buchholz is getting lit up . '
new l /r comic : l /r merch survey !   '
rt   : holy moly minus 3 (roy & dan acoustic act ) playing a concert at estero umc saturday , june 27 th @ 12 :30 pm . it's free ! "
b /w   '
  je pencherais plus vers "segolene royal s \' est ..... epic fail " ;-d '
we're at the brain lair today , talking zombies , unicorns , and what urban fantasy .   "
now playing : free spirit - easy days   '
...bob marley coffee , broadway brett talks . and more pompous begging for followers on twiter . stream :   '
rt   rt   :   democracia interactiva , promover a participao dos cidados - 10 h00 - siga com '
supports   ..youth | ict | community =positive change ! chk partnership infopack 09 on :   ..rt now ! '
geophysik ist doch nicht als einziges kaum im arxiv : physics papers and the arxiv   '
  buond ^^ '
rt     '
  : it's too long lmao . you said me and   should always be together ? lmao . "
outrageous & not to be tolerated . rt   : what happened at flashbelt conf will make you sick !   '
rt   : new web content : branded text messages make your brand mobile -   - larry gets it ! great piece . '
wiifitt kickboxing is fun .. did i mention lunges suckhttp ://bit.ly/83f61 '
18 | ~~~~   '
mobile phone flies pilotless plane : australian researchers have developed a system allowing them to use mobile p ..   '
    olha isso ...rsssssssssss '
reportage from "they were beating people like hell . it was a massacre " (guardian)   '
  -taps fingers on computer - patience is a verture , yaya but i hate waiting . did leon finally get to sleep ? '
crianas escrevem poesia aps uma visita ao poludo rio tiet . veja esta visita em nosso blog :   '
70 + free iphone apps for social media mavens   '
just getting ready for 6 -a-side '
chillaxing @ kutsnkicks '
  no ! i still don't believe it . i can only assume that your twitter credentials have been hijacked by clever guerilla marketers . "
- reading "enterprise architectures critical to business /it alignment "   '
  -- idiots . twitter michael jackson is "over capacity " '
andreessen and horowitz complete raising $300 million venture fund   '
rt : selamat pagi malaysia . (sila retweet mesej ni sama-sama ya !) '
rt :   : 5 days left until the galileo release '
somali piracy : capt . richard phillips receives the admiral arleigh burke leadership award june 13 at the westin arlington gateway . http : ... '
rt   : new book by   packed with marketing strategies for doing business online .   '
rt   quando o   te d lio de moral com razo , babe , you're doing it wrong .   fail .   "
rt   rt   australian embassy accepting injured no . 13, 23 rd st , khalid islambuli ave +98 21 88724456 '
  lol well that's true . it's all in the approach . or lack their of . "
rt   - amazeballs ! '
need to color your avatar ? use   and support without the hassle   built in 2 hrs with django . '
rt :   : seanmsnchina-pubmysql 2 //.... '
1977, close your eyes , pezband (from chicago ):   '
has to get my tabc online today ....ugh '
  well get ur fine ass over to ireland and give me a proper hug then lol other than that im gona need a twug rob hahhahah '
lawa approves purchase of 20 -acre parcel east of terminal 1 at lax ; site to continue to operate as airport parki ..   '
rt - 200 new followers in a day -   follow friday '
bilang belajar dulu deh 8 -)   '
fuck being up before noon . wish jordan a happy birthday ! '
my daily twittascope -   '
what to feel when you know steak shouldn't be sub par .   10 $ off promotion # co1075 "
less chatter , more magic . '
    - niiiiice !!! i would hang a picture with you in my office !!! [2]hehe '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   : rt   : beer doesn't make you fat . it makes you lean (against doors , tables , walls )... "
mano a seleo dos estados unidos um lixo , em alguma coisa pelo menos somos melhores . '
how about a little with some acoustic from love and theft , "it\'s up to you "   '
if you missed wednesday's live blog with chris fisher and matt scott (ku site ) check it out here :   "
u get off around happy hour time '
the new kitten is on the lose in the entire house ! def not making friends with the other cats . '
debameubelen .be is up to date (http://www.debameubelen.be) '
- simple website   '
kid-lit world : the story of pa ! - times of india ..   '
  '
nous vous invitons notre clture de saison le 25 juin 19 h :   '
texan guitarist rocky athas (john mayall band ) is my new fav !saw him last night supporting bb king ! love his playing / soloing ! '
not many business associates ready to comply with hipaa   '
rt   : thou shall not want to fuck every girl in the world [smh...have a seat fellas !] <--sit! '
abwrackprmie '
2 days away !   - friday !!!   // last licks ! hosted by : dom kennedy x carter x eighty 81 .com @ loft a6 ! '
playing war having a blast with ironbreaker '
ret   "filme, edredon e chocolate " | o post da   no dirio de casal   '
  good to know . '
rt   : google s consegue pesquisar dentro de 0,0034 % da informao disponvel na internet   '
time   has a great collection of iran photos '
yuprt   : i would love 2 see someone do something about neverland . bail it out or something and make it a museum like graceland '
phoned someone i love (very early !!!) before they boarded their plane to say bon courage and bon voyage ... (et not and !) '
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
digital camera for sale - canon eos 5 d digital camera body only mint condition - go to   '
rt   : cuba libre restaurant to open at 9 th & h st nw   '
hotel heerlen - last minute 1 nacht aankomstdatum : 21 june 2009 beschikbare kamers : 5 prijs per persoon : 44.5 ..   ... '
attn philly area anipals : rt   i noticed an interestin ' exhibit comin ' to philly ~ you can see de-tails at   "
what is the fasest way to lose weight instead of surgery ?: right right away im during 170 as well as im 5 ..   '
listening to music   remix !!yeaaaaaaaa '
great progress made tonight . the extra monsters has created a few interesting problems of it's own . "
happy birthday 2 pac !!!!   '
compro charlie pizza '
  on the strand '
  cali !!! gm ..sheesh lol '
rt   breaking news - nba official joey crawford to be traded to the atlanta hawks for 2 fouls to be named later ....(lmao!) '
coach raddy is giving instructions on the bench ! '
ari kpin : ari kpin adalah kelompok musik asal bandung yang namanya diambil dari nama salah seorang pentolannya , ..   '
commentary : u .s. health costs out of control   '
rt   : d \'oh... abc news has retracted the proclamation that he \'s dead-dead . back to "might be dead " (via   ) '
methotrexate and hair loss ?   '
the garden of eating : cooking tips for a healthy diet   '
nieuw te koop : - prijs : 277.500 ,00 - datum : eergisteren - amundsenlaan 101 te eindhoven een bijzonder goed verzor ..   '
rt traduzindo   n sei o suficiente sobre essa situao para dar uma opiniao desculpem .mas acredito no poder da unidade d vcs '
feeling nostalgic . i miss analog . '
10 mile glorious beach walk to st aubins then a well earned beer by the harbour   '
  '
mistica ha comentado el grupo 'aventura en el gallinero ': mistica ha comentado el grupo 'aventura en el &ie..   "
gotta run - tourist day in brizzle . talk soon . '
hi ! do you want to instantly make money with home business ? watch this video :   '
amazing vibes , sonar parties ,     - flylo kicking it '
rachida dati a un conseiller politique   et c'est voici qui nous le dit ! "
rt   : already misses the commercials telling me about the digital tv switchover . '
  can't make it tomorrow . ugh , already have a meeting schedule "
not a lot . '
father's day soon .... bought my dad a shit load of horrors ... well 3 haha :p ha !   "
rt   bon jovi & iranian superstar andy m . sing "stand by me " 2 support   spread hope ! '
i love \'keeping up with the kardashians \'! "kim! stop taking pictures of yourself ! your sister is going to jail !" '
rt     life my pleasure dear mary ! {the pleasure is mine !} did you get my email ? '
  pues estudio comunicacin , pero pues la hago de lo que sea :p, de mercadotecnia me gustara aprender mas de lo +/- que ya se '
niji no tani no an vol .01   '
first itouch home screen (1st page )   '
el baselight ataca de nuevo '
social media strategy for business | web design and internet marketing : media man , michael massey has as his gue ..   '
hmm , what is new , my stomach is doing the hole bwar ima make you feel sick thing again . '
  '
fabric .com: 20 % off   '
g4 and lucasfilm to televise comic-con presentation : lucasfilm ltd . and g4 are joining forces for a milestone in ..   '
rt   : happy pride toronto !!! '
rt   tell gov . arnold not to limit time animals are kept in shelters from 6 days to 3 . email him :   - rt '
rt   another study reports : crop yield range : +6% to +17%, 68 % greater root length , 24 % increase in plant density '
  - o brigadeiro deu muita gua na boca ... ai que vontade que deu ... '
  we in there then ...u wanna take a ride wit me to danbury later to drop this chick off then head to jays after '
i do it too !rt   : i'm going to be honest . the reason i'm single ? i can't stop rubbing my feet together in bed . i'm like a cricket . "
home from a fantastic family walk ; grateful for leisurely evenings with my ladies '
top 10 social media stories of the week ( mashable )   '
  your lens is cool , but needs more traffic :   '
  100 proficiency low risk   '
rt   : whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories , never the private sacrifices to reach them . mj '59-'09 "
the death of faith - on the road '
t bom no devia ... j sei ... '
thanks to our 50 new facebook fans since yesterday !   '
ecycleway - safe urban cycling or dangerous segregation ?   '
rt :   : blognone app iphone , macbook << '
watching some lady struggling to parallel park in uptown . its hilarious ! '
i like "post-digital" stuff or visualisation of data (like the green cloud ). matt jones have an interesting presentation   '
my daily twittascope -   '
obama to extend health benefits to all gay and lesbian federal workers starting tomorrow . wad up progression . '
my daily twittascope -   '
  i did , you have to go the website ...   '
  u a nerd for not sayin nothin real rap '
fireworks guy is kinda freaking me out now . personal bubble , dude . can't you see i'm tweeting ? "
" "   '
'bruno' allegedly gets reshoot to appease gay community : additionally , the media reports that the studio a ..   "
win : diane birch cd -   '
wireless is out . thank goodness for tm . '
  '
> baltimore backfield breakdown   '
  hi dude (: '
holistic select has been a life saver ! - candace d , san diego ca   '
very nice ! train lovers will like this rt   : new post : very cute dog and cat cable cars in japan   '
openid it "openid"   '
still waiting for that coffee to kick in ...it's been such a long week . is it really only tuesday ? "
  if you're grading chapman based on your salary 12 months after you graduate i would urge you to reconsider your grading criteria "
agora as notas , segunda eu tranco a facul :d   '
rt   vintage color & design : circus posters   '
      thank you for the following thingy - what does it mean lol ?? sorry still pretty new to this xx '
it's only out there for an hour or so , but i've gone for food twice already ... trip no . 2 :   "
  yep . close friday and get the keys friday . we'll be moving this weekend , my inlaws are coming from biloxi to help us move . "
cool rt   :   my wife was given the velcro veg set from japan . means my 3 yr old can be like mum and dad in the kitchen . '
rt   : daily inspiration | graphic design inspiration and photoshop tutorials -   (via   ) '
ice breaker activities and fun team building games for families   '
another tribute to mj !!!   '
i exited out of the window . mlia '
itusedtobesomethingelse 0.789040367952 20090630110501 '
learning more at training ,   great resourse ! '
iis cannot share the same application pool between versions of asp .net   '
rt   the 6 worst cloud security mistakes   '
what i've been doing so far this summer :   "
  dude . i am "doing" your playlist on imeem right now . you do , in fact , rock . (that is my favorite category , btw .) '
- !: ..   '
if you love zombies and hate nazis , dead snow is the filck for you .   its a zombie flick about killing ww2 zombies . '
who is going to jano's food drive /musical festival in downtown valpo this weekend ?   "
  word ? (r.o.a.) resurrection of autotune ...why? sound interesting ...get @ me jazzy ! '
about to leave lovely toronto , flying to ottawa to teach . here are some snaps & impressions of toronto . enjoy !   '
students must be prepared to tackle environmental issues   '
awesome ! the name "lemay" dates back to medieval france !!   '
introducing palace players by mew :   amazon :   '
brother-in-law announced he was going to give birth to a sideways turd . i announced that he'd announced too much information . "
rt :     tryna get back at my neighbors by blasting mj out my bathroom window lmao   '
  cu autograf normal :)) '
wish you could make $ talking sports ? now you can !   '
rt   : my friend mireya navarro of nyt enviro team seeks input from folks living /working in leed bldgs : minava at nytimes .com '
chili cheese fries ! '
vote ! 4 your fave dog art '09 wine label fur mutt lynch winery in healdsburg . vote online thru june 19 th !   "
mohsen reza prt participer un nouveau dcompte partiel : le candidat conservateur la prsidentie ..   '
meu inferno astral me enlouquece . nunca perdi tanto cabelo na minha vida ! '
waiting for the nba draft :d '
just realised 97 followers , thanks everyone for following ..will i make 100 by the end of this week ? '
    '
insomia '
this picture is my new favorite thing ever   '
  what did u see ?! '
great video here for aviation fans rt   raw video : inside a blue angel cockpit   '
vai me dizer que acreditaram ?!?! nonsense , cara !!! nonsense ...   '
thanks for the cake nina !!!!   '
06 /27 19 :34: / (mvcg-156)   '
vrias opes de sons para irritar as pessoas :   =5 '
really pretty fli !! rt   : save 15 -25% @ linensource -   - aubergine patch quilt - twin $50.94 (was $149) '
it worked '
wooo we just built a fan :) nelsons amazing . '
1,000 monkeys just landed on my keyboard . (; '
      "trap goin ham " re-up !   '
trying to get past the pain - albany times union : trying to get past the painalbany times union ,nyat 15, h ..   '
rt   nytimes take on tmz breaking michael jackson story : "...seemed to have sources everywhere "   '
    - blondes rule ,brains too what more could anyone want ?ah yes kourtneelynne wants sunshine '
i just extracted the defectors .   '
more than 1000 square miles in 6 states set aside for fast-tracked ...: public lands in 6 states set for solar p ..   '
  rt check out these gorgeous children accessories by chickypoo 209 boutique -   '
carousel . erm , when i said blow the cops away , that isnt quite what i had in mind .   '
cote d'ivoire atteinte aux bonnes moeurs - le film porno d'un refondateur et d'une dame fait le tour du monde "
rt     : 18 sites that pay you to write |   - a nice list of sites to earn money from your writing . '
placebo 60 '
haha ! finally finished ghostbusters ! stay puft giant had nothing on me "i aint afraid of not ghost !" '
  '
chatting at   shaq '
rt from iran :"i\'ve learned something today . americans do care about the world outside america . their media just doesn \'t." '
the dysfunction which the ny state senate has descended : "presiding officers shall alternate on an hourly basis ."   '
bp   '
  - '
i feel for my friend crystal . their engine in their new car just blew , the day they were supposed to leave for vacay in nc . :( '
  come on my nig ....that's my jam ....and i'm from the town hommie !!!! "
niklas zennstrm , the founder of skype and kazaa , member of the jury pl green challenge   '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   dr . susan love answers more questions via her blog following   appearance ..   '
  i am from the usa . i appreciate your reports . we are all watching .... '
on air start   '
happy father's day to all dad's .   "
  '
mitch   '
texto com mais de 140 caracteres em   '
michael jackson died without a will . don't let that happen to you . visit : www .prepaidlegal.com/hub/mrapozo "
link : map representations - good description about well , maps and how to prevent your ai from running amok ...   '
contina toque de queda hasta el viernes   '
sr tax manager / fas 109 / fin 48 - resources global professionals - pittsburgh , pa   '
hm . write a new blog or keep reading ? any suggestions ? '
economist ...   '
kirchner stelt argentijnen nogal teleur : de argentijnse kiezer velt vandaag zijn oordeel over cristina ..   '
canada media : 5 time champions canada 2009 wjhc   '
the chick-lit i took home last night was so fun , it was 2.30 am before i read the last page , & went to sleep . '
fishing news from crazy fisherman : learn about custom baits   '
rt   2 -0 ??? wtf ??? '
rt from tehran abtahi , one of the reformists of iran who was in the azadi sq . yesterday has been captured . '
free rent contest in wylie rewards entrepreneurs : ... has partnered with chad engbrock at c &amp;s media in a com ..   '
mickelson coming on crazy strong ...might actually take us open !   '
  '
opinion poll : add campaign accounts to politico twitter list ? what about campaigns of non-incumbents ? http :politicotracker.com/te '
  - hahahah 2 xl ! '
  nice to hear from you . '
  aus diesem wird ein am 24 .juni, 18 uhr   '
  i don't know that it's creepy , just curious what was running through her mind . "
rt   : rt : everyone retweet : nyt publishing sensitive names of iranians on twitter . get them to stop ! '
  would be happy to comment but having trouble opening link on my bberry ! what is the pt of interest to you ? '
hmm .... het is dus niet korter of sneller ..... waarom leek het dan wel zo ? '
rt   apsveicu   ,   ,     vrda dien '
holy shit , why is facebook taking so damn long uploading my photos ? i only have 98 ...geez! '
rt   : stepanek amarga la fiesta a ferrer :   '
rt : then consumers can make their voices '
  : ) '
11 30 ... ( 1 30 ) .. . '
h ! joguei guitar hero pela primeira vez na vida ! e no que aquela bateriazinha legal que s ?? agora s falta a coordenao motora :d '
summer travel ideas : hunting pirates for sport - digital city ...   '
new post : photoshop cs3 tutorial-makeup (http://cli.gs/hnsp3s) '
cafezinho em casa e partiu sao cristovao (o bar ). '
my daily twittascope -   '
herrjeh , wie merkbefreit knnen "medienpolitiker" denn eigentlich sein :   '
  ey when yall droppin "my chick bad "....im waitin on that shit '
twitter tips and tricks   '
  gah same here xd lol it use to be fun then nobody would shut up o .o '
rt :   : rt   "se tequila fosse um remdio natural para gripe suna , ela no teria surgindo no mxico . isso ." '
the most wellknown retarded person , gay , freaky person on earth is gabriel !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hahahah !! i hate him !! he lies to ppl !!! '
'
    - is she fly ? '
just placed my cosmic order . now time to allow .   '
  ok , apparently , i knew my password , but twitter was being stupid ! imma follow you now '
  wah kambing bener lu tidur lagi '
finally done with 2 sites , 100 and bailey .. now i wish i was home to upload ;( '
  fortfarande dligt vder i sthlm ? '
rt     legal q vcs explicaram 'bem' a intenao da bagaa "
investment , india : mansukh share and stock brokers : free demat a /c, trading a /c, f o a /c. trading in commodities ..   '
  visst r den ? =) ligger och sniffar second skin-fodral nu =p '
my question on yahoo : "what\'s wrong with underwater levels in video games "   '
working at the new website of   ... wondering why , the old website is so lovely , not ! '
rt   speculative fiction fans , here's your chance to nominate works for the aurealis awards   (via   ) "
7 miles '
  ooh how incredible .... if you like cool architecture , check this out :   '
  '
luciano mais prmios pra galera , pode ser um chaveiro , grande presena ,, '
  i recommend highly rt   : evernote for palm pre is now available :   '
photo : it should say majestic five   '
pilates ! &gt;:) must burn these flabs ! '
rosalie !! i need a rose !!! '
  "te amo tanto e no sei mais como que eu vou viver em paz . se tudo que eu preciso respirar teu ar ..." '
conference of presidents to obama : use all avenues to bring shalit home -   - jta '
onderzoek naar locaties co2 -opslag: de ministers cramer en van der hoeven onderzoeken of er alternatieven zijn v ..   '
check out : "pogocheats.net - 2 free bf game codes " (http://twitthis.com/qzt4zc) '
  dude ! what is up ? i'm probably heading to c-bus this summer for a workshop . "
just a random guy at la pride with a hot body ! and an angel , apparently !   rt   '
  - wat is dat toch voor een stank bij het gebouw ? '
moto perpetual of nicol paganini by eduardo nadruz (edu da gaita ) - brasil - june ,1956   '
committee urges overhaul of town of wayland's web site   "
i think i just saw a wwi military helmet on the side of the grand central parkway ... '
just chillin in the mudd for now .....   '
just added myself to the   twitter directory under : '
14 :26: 0 - 0 2 '
thaksin speaks to red-shirt protesters : ousted premier thaksin shinawatra made a phone-in address to nearly 20,0 ..   '
i don't like it when people i love and care about get high . "
  10 /6w '
i just took the "which gosselin girl are you most like ?" quiz and got : leah hope gosselin ! try it :   '
i'm listening to our time by imperial teen     "
community celebrates fox islands wind power groundbreaking : working waterfront by david a . tyler about 11 months ..   '
  yes i thought i sent my last update to you '
  just got to the point where he saw the picture of his family and got all emotional . it was adorable . d : '
show support for democracy in iran add green ribbon to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
yes , myspace can be saved (cnn money ): skip to content . home blogging facebook myspace news top news ..   '
  i saw those fireworks driving home tonight ! i was wondering where they were coming from . '
rt ngomong "enggong yuk " jiaaahhhhh *kaburrrrrrr   :   kwekwekwe--ngemeng apaan sih !!!! jyaaaahh ... huft !! mwa mwa !! '
rt this is gr8 ! "hundreds of protestors rallied outside the united nations "   '
  that , and ignoring what i said entirely . '
la dodgers 1 at la angels 0 bot 6 th '
right ? wher the hell waz i ? before i spotted that ? _ oh yes my screwed_up day (ended yesterday   .45am this morn , went bed , woke at 5.50 pm ? '
rip billy mays from huffpost : a look back at the pitchman's funniest moments :   "
lift the closure - give life a chance   '
rt   "tennant finished dw shooting 3 -4 weeks ago (last eps he shot--sarah jane adventures 2 -parter). "very emotional , very exciting ."" '
the only high jannoo needs right now is sweet sweet music . '
bing ! tech celeb olivia munn lands role in iron man 2   '
[morita ninja ] fenomenoide , que mono es ...   '
rt   mj flies to the top of   66 places - updated graph   '
pdt 2.1 - was eclipse-galileo fr php-entwickler bringt   '
kremlin unified | wreath-laying-war-anniversary   '
at   i just joined the wine lovers '
rt iran : they have hacked ghalam news - website of mousavi - sea of green will never rest '
murray-mania starts early : newspapers are already setting up andy murray as a potential wimbledon winner .   '
rt   : tips for safe twittering   '
tried from a long fathers day hope every dad had a wonderful day '
labourhome blog archive evidence that caf rouge , bella italia ...: employees of tragus which owns caf ro ..   '
says saw in the news a 1 week old puppy got flushed down the toilet . :( so cute pa naman , good thing he's stil ...   "
waitin ' 4 the bestie :) doin ' laundry ,, excited 4 tmrw !!! "
rt   if pittsburgh is the new boston ...then here is to buffalo being the new pittsburgh '
ppm sumut "hijaukan" kota medan baca berita selengkapnya di harian global edisi senin , 22 juni 2009 atau klik www .harian-global.com '
ayudando a la integracin : mtodo de trabajo por internet para personas con dificultad de habla o fisica   '
  ~8349o '
major archaeological find in kent county : a rare find in delaware is giving archaeologists a look at how native am ..   ... '
s o meu , ou o mozilla de vocs tambm ta pssimo ? '
  hi annie . not sure if you saw this video . unsure about the validity but very touching .   '
i think im gonna listen to mj all day on imeem ... '
el discurso de brad en la ucla   '
i do too ! rt : buffalopundit i think that following   may just prove to be fortuitous and funny '
on trying to get un-followed ;)rt   : there's a really bad hollywood movie about the deep ocean floor . don't see it , it's abyssmal . "
  you are pretty awesomely sexynessly awesome hot yourself ! lol twitter time ! '
s itt a msik :   '
  '
top 10 skin care tips | pure health tips   '
    - poxa , no pode nem elogiar d : rs '
  rt   : rt   : stf derruba a obrigatoriedade do diploma para blogueiros   '
dinner .roast beef and yorkshire pudding . do u think sequins are too much on an apron ? '
rt   : oh ...and remember folks , my contest over hitting the nyt short list continues-you can still enter :   '
is going to 1 more master class with a different pixar animator tomorrow ! then followed by video games live at ...   '
rt :   happiness is when what you think , what you say , and what you do are in harmony . gandhi '
  vas a tener que hacerte ms publicidad ! pedile consejo al   ... jeje te puede asesorar . ya hice click de nuevo . '
almost to houston and so sleepy ! glad i am not driving '
  idc what she meant nigger .... idc who drives and is broke .... idc who don't drives and wear guccis ... chicks taking either 1 "
live chat with baseball america's jim callis   "
  oh ya , useramenya ko ngegelii sih ? '
  it's a short album ...about 45 min "
tired of been awake '
conf . mousavi call 4 rally sunday masjedeh ghoba /sharati st 2 mourn those killed n recent protests rt rt rt rt rt '
urfa sot ( 1 kg ) sot , anlurfa ile zdelemi olup kurutulmu bibere yrede verilen isimdir .   -yresel rnler '
clinical nurse specialist - critical care - seattle , wa   '
transformers 2 off to strong start with $20m from two territories   '
just set my personal best playing mortal kombat theme metal by ryashon on , 88,995 points !   '
finisar's net loss narrows : the fiber optic subsystems maker's net loss narrowed in the fourth quarter , helped b ..   "
downloading loads of app updates ! can't wait till more apps embrace the 3.0 features and the 3 gs ' hardware ! "
rt   :   hah ! i've spent a lot of good times hanging out on fire escapes ! what time are the mmvas on ?>>9pm... "
and another 2 ahmanutjob : instant karma :   (sorry, didnt find decent rage against the machine vids , but they're awesome ) "
  men du m love meg passe godt p bde navn og bildet ditt .   '
i had a strange dream last night '
  - '
rt   : detroit pizza , creperie , electronic music fest in the ny post -   '
overstream : nirmalandhas : synthetism - 1 text : playpublished by nirmalandhas .duration: 7 ..   '
mas citas en el proyecto a1 :http://digg.com/u169o5 '
chillin &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3 '
rt   gayest gundam ever   '
http :/bit.ly/gd8q4 lauren botney , internet entrpreneur , discusses ethical issues in ...   '
thinking of you '
  fortunately some of us have very unique names ! i could probably wait two years and still get mine ! '
new blog post : i have recently being diagnosed with ic (interstitial cystitis ) is there any tips /techniques you could suggest ?   ... '
  -- as sen . ensign's circumstance proved , closeness can lead to betrayal . men , we must be wise ...we're all sin's prey ! "
rennen , vliegen , springen , duiken en weer opstaan . errug druk dus . nu weer naar fysio met dochter , daarna naar hockeytoernooi brengen . later '
h &m partners with another fashion great : jimmy choo ! can't wait to see the line .   "
    this guys stuff is awesome ... check out the rest at   '
    why don't u just call each other ? seems like a better way to chat "
my daily twittascope -   '
ap source : same-sex partners to get fed benefits : an official says president obama is extending benefits to same ..   '
rt   : iphone tweetdeck is available now !!!!   (via   ) '
  q lei essa meu caro ? '
  '
'
at home '
  thanks for sharing that i really did enjoy it ! !ubuntu '
published a new post : top 10 michael jackson videos   ://zz.gd/d5130b '
arrived at arena , acdc . drunk as hell . rock on !   '
indictment : man posed as dead mom for six years : a 49 -year-old man impersonated his dead 77 -year-old mother in pap ..   ... '
i uploaded a youtube video -- iphone vlog   '
- directing duo terri timely created ...   '
rt   : my 3 inch vinyl 'goluckyneko' toys -9 different designs in series 1 -out very soon in nice boxes   "
houston chronicle >> al notes : white sox castro gets his first al hit   '
the rebelles will be handing out copies of our manifesto at the toronto pride parade , watch for us ! '
  dey wanted dat shirt off ! '
  denk je dat er een kansje inzit ? '
can't believe ! click   --- twilightsd 38472 "
  go phil !!! '
rt   : rt :   : rt   rt   : rt   : rt : @: -2424 '
i ate dinner . but i seriously want ice cream or hawaiian punch or both or mixed '
  - wg : umzug britta elsastra '
rt   rt   : the top 4 reasons why   is so persuasive   (simple but good stuff .) '
jason ... you need to stop cyber-stalking ! it's rude !!! :( "
rt   : chris and schleppy are #1!! come watch   and   live !   '
    - he's so cute he reminds me flock ! "
aaaah . i love it , especially the hat .   '
blogging 'civil war encampment - battle reenactment return to gatlinburg - june 19 -21'   "
grace jones official youtube channel :   '
eyes on a 13 " macbook pro ... i need a job . '
fantasia at hampton jazz fest this weekend , + 3 past performers on idol   '
steffanny britto ensinando a fazer espaguete a carbonara e brigadeiro de panela ? juro q queria ver essa burguesa comer essas kcals todas !! '
'
    '
  i didn't mean it in a bad way at all . we cool ppl . "
us transfers guantanamo detainees : the us has transferred three saudi detainees from ..   '
  how's that working out for you ? :) it's easy to 'stay on twitter ' if you download and use a desktop or mobile client :) "
journalism rules are bent in news coverage from iran , article in nyt :   '
just added myself to the   twitter directory under : , , '
went back to daycare and immediately started chasing boys . '
medibuntu su ubuntu : medibuntu (multimedia, entertainment & distractions in ubuntu ) un repository di pacch ..   '
  |smiles and hugs her arms tightly around your shoulders | its been far too long , for me . '
  - its the thuggish ruggish bone ! '
rt   : majesty in the sanctuary must become mercy in the streets or our worship is fraudulent . '
    - that auuueeee weeeee '
wondering how this thing works lol '
  omg ...we must go !!!! '
ran 40 min (7.3k), rode 1 hr 26 min . a busy week ahead . training , work , etc . thick , big , juicy steak for din . with potato wedges , spinach &tom. '
just got a personalized twitter background at   '
rt   : steve benen on regarding   '
chatting at   '
free download movie : the taking of pelham one , two , three   '
cleveland browns . see all the nfl games at the browns stadium this season from only $22 per ticket !!   '
this free video will show you a great internet program that works !!   '
rt cnn : clerics join iran's anti-government protests .   "
out for the night , still dealing with the losses that have occured today '
omg   u went to starbucks good for u !!!! love   cant wait to go to la and try the coffee bean though '
i need to snap out of it . my current thought pattern is not productive . '
see why all the college students are buzzing about this site !   '
appsfire : easily share your favorite selection of iphone apps with anyone . -   '
still trying to figure out why   burst out laughing when i said my truck was more "me" than my car .....   '
  why not share your outer banks thought here ?   '
the will of the iranian people is gaining a momentum of it's own and now seems unstoppable good luck . we are with you "
check out   \'s asp experience   all of the youth said , "we gotta go back next year !" '
quality fitness equipment | medical health information   '
q .) what doesn't belong in this list : meat , eggs , wife , blowjob ? a .) blowjob : you can beat your meat , eggs , or wife ,but you can't beat ... "
posted a photo of courage in the iranian people's rebellion :   "
subwoofers for your car audio : author : victor epandsubwoofers are an essential component of the modern car audi ..   '
new blog post : ? kelsey briggs ? (true story original ):   '
criterion no one has maxed out xbox 360 and ps3 | start movie news   '
keep going my friend .   '
rt   support shalit 23 yo held by hamas for 3 yrs - add blueribbon 2 avatar w /1-click   '
4   '
public invited to grand opening of residential community in blue eye   '
followers please rt follow   '
  i think pointing out the right location of the vindhyas is a noble and worthy cause . :) '
once again i was snubbed by people magazine ... rt   'people' names hottest bachelors   "
happy birthday az ! enjoy your fruit flan ! ;)   '
  i see your comfy and i raise you one . double comfy and you're part of it !   "
im tryin to be somebodys sexy love but only if they sing about it like ne-yo do !! haha '
politics - .. . : ..   '
unfortunately no . rt   :   didn't u see   this morning chilling in a chair in the middle of times square ?! "
lefest : quelques vidos de la soire de jeudi : quelques vidos de la soire de jeudi du fest pour le compte de t ..   '
hey look , we're on twitter ! dorks are going all high-tech nowadays . "
great suggestions for social pr :   '
rt   :   if u dont pick us plz consider   sending bears to kids w /cancer '
  but seriously i darnt incase the pornsquad come banging on my door !!! lol '
rt :   : sobre la fiesta del viernes :   '
eye-fi 18 sent 2 photos to gallery 2 .   '
  "oh my god , are you serious . you don \'t know the house of samurai ?!"   '
tonight was one of my funnest nights in tally so far . body shots and cute guys '
kiss     '
  urgent -- billy mays found dead at tampa , florida home . full story :   '
45 !! 2 ~ '
amen to that ! rt   : apple says jobs has returned to work   '
rt direto de 2000 : a verdadeira histria de jason - parte 1 :   / parte 2 -     '
nyc , nyc , how i love thee '
  air quality index   '
is just chilling ! '
someone i work with was violently ill on monday . '
de dia eu sou a andy . a noite eu sou a vendy venus . loosho , poder e seduo , tudo num nome s . uao . '
rt   the latest sampler of youth media & marketing gigs on ypulse jobs :   '
rt   : coaches can call 2011 prospects today . if you're a junior and d -1 material i'm betting your phone is blowing up ! "
rt   :             '
rt   : "la clandestine is definitely the best absinthe i bought on my boveresse trip ! far better than pontarlier ones ." '
i'm taking a chance today !!! "
radio-canada : afghanistan : le caporal martin dub est mort alors qu'il tentait de dsamorcer une ..   "
enorme rt :   : michael meurt , et pendant ce temps l ... rt :   : on my way to my party at quantum !! hugeee '
as we pointed out earlier the field is very tight in speed as the whole field is only seperated by just over six-tenths of a second . '
  already installed the leaked copy about a week ago . search is nice , haven't used c &p. "
cali mejor hp asi pierda ni mierda '
rt   .......a!respect peoples opinions and brush the twaters off &gt;&gt;thx juelz '
* omemo .co.il/live * suzanne vega luka   '
[iss approaching /nakedeyeng] direction :w275 at 3 :48:24,maxattack:24deg in nw320 at 3 :50:34 '
yay jobros :) rt   :   - the jonas brothers @ gm place , june 29 th '
  gee ! wassup dude ? where are u ? '
rt :   : proverbs 14 :31: he who oppresses the poor shows contempt for their maker , but whoever is kind to the needy honors god . '
when we left earth : the nasa missions , season 1, home in space : hubble needs rescue , and a space station paves t ..   '
boca liquida jogadores para no fechar o ano no vermelho . veja em :   '
chat in 45 languages (translation in real time with google translate )   '
i was helen keller too .... is that the only option or something ? i don't think helen keller liked the history channel or died in a car crash "
how about them lakers ..we only gave magic one game wat can you say now lol   '
  teenwolf for sure . he can dunk and van surf . '
  - hes not mine but hes definately a cutie !!! ;) '
i run with the vampires and   ,   ,   ,   ,   ,     '
  sad   '
lafamiglia featured on espn   '
definitely not a . rt   : si swimsuit photo of the day : jessica white -   '
rt   has a crazy idea . 19,530 new twitter followers in 30 days ? check it out   '
  you are going to poop cupcakes (chocolate with a swirl ) qq '
rt   : coyotes bk : appears reinsdorf offer meets minimum acceptable , but that's for judge to decide ..http://tinyurl.com/qkffoz "
jaws in 30 seconds , re-enacted by bunnies .   '
hmmm , 'iraqi freedom ' could be construed as 'iraqi slaughterhouse ' 1.5 . million souls that is . "
cocktail recipes : ice in oakland is hot -   '
rt   : kyle hines is back in town this week to speak at mike dement's basketball camp .   "
  !) '
so true !! hahaha rt       at least those peeps are not on twitter '
  duly noted ! '
you'll do great ! rt   making my big pitch at work today . wish me luck ! :) "
  ima bring it out next month '
you're talking rugby , right ? rt   :   :   telling you hookers . "
rt has been blocked in iran . switch to , , and (via@arashamel) '
new blog post : trying to figure out how to lose arm flab ?   '
6 /13: alumni gig : led zepagain . 8 :30pm-1:30am. tha galaxy theater , 3503 s .harbor blvd , santa ana , ca '
a golden tweet ... eventslisted .com - website launch strategy ....   '
    whoops ? '
my daily twittascope -   '
new blog post : what are some ideas for an inner wrist tattoo ?   '
rt :   i am reuniting with one of my true loves ... chick-fil-a ! it's been too long :-) who doesn't love chick-fil-a ?? "
i just took the "how random are you ?" quiz and got : kind of random ! try it :   '
  duhhh i forgot we were over this '
who let the dawgs out ? '
did you see claims for unemployment benefits : 2007 to 2009   '
just watch :   '
  nothing ! ^.^ i really like blue ! '
still in the car ! were so slap happy ! haha blasting a bunch of crazy rap ,   , single ladies , and 80 s music . what a fun night ! '
honing my openoffice impress-fu . '
2359 '
128 dircmeydandirc 2 '
hans sier jeg er harry ..(allsang p grensen )   '
enjoying a gorgeous day ! in carlsbad , ca   '
is off to bricklane for a drink outside & then onto the studio to finish what i started ! '
rt   "5-9% of people who smoke herb regularly could become addicted " -cigs (31) heroin (23) coke (17) booze (15) stimulants (11) '
china yuan dn late on dlr gains after asian trading hours wed - wall street journal : china yuan dn late on dlr g ..   '
webber bullish on british gp chances   '
c0me and see how n .a.s.t.y i am !!!   '
poker-suite .com wsop tag :2 des events : tag : 2 des event beginnt um 14 uhr las vegas zeit ...   '
rt   : irans twitter revolution   '
logout everything ..time to sleep now .. '
  - i find this picture funny . tabasco ! '
new blog post : new ultra-lad ! coming soon !   '
night twitter (: '
rt   :instalando gentoo , y publicando desde el en modo consola . =p   '
algum pode me enviar link sobre o lance do guardanapo , desenhar ou planejar num guardanapo ? rodou na internet e no guardei . algum ? '
mac lethal calm down baby   ~8qc2j '
lorenzo largar desde la "pole" en el gp de catalua de motogp : el espaol le "arrebat" en la ltima vuelta el ..   '
rt   rt   unesco universal declaration on cultural diversity   '
  '
on   checking out some new bands . love this website ! have you ever checked it out ? so much to see and hear !   '
ad :   - smart solution to promote products and services on twitter ! '
o maior princpio de beleza a sade , ttulo de qual campanha ? '
'
  kathy did a great job with the photos , especially considering wonderful the environment she had to work with ;) '
5 new homebuying tools : house hunt on youtube : real estate web sites are constantly coming up with new ways for ..   '
there is nothing more obnoxious than a straight boy who tries too hard . you're not slick , buddy . don't quit your day job . "
"welcome, little one " book report and giveaway   '
rt   wal-mart brasil cria twitter com o conceito de varejo verde :   '
which tv couple has the best chemistry ? woho ! 42.8 % brennan & booth , bones . keep voting '
rt   countdown to homelessness ...day 10 - i'm in denial ...another new post   pls rt (via   ) "
is at the verizon store hoping they can do something about my phone , like replace it . '
524 - mckinley   mckinley 524 is the around town version of the outdoor backpack the zion 523, featuring   '
twitter vs friendfeed ?: - , friendfeed . ..   '
  malz , s vi hoje o seu convite ! acabei ficando em casa mesmo =/ (mas obrigado !) '
yeah that would be awesome ! lol .. rt   :   danielle is the best ! we need to clone her ! lol '
p i z z a t i m e '
okay , so my gaydar just exploded and i've gone to heaven ;   and   "
  $3 well drinks , drafts , wine . $2 domestic bottles - manitobas - starting now ! '
"a picaroons retail beer store is in progress ." - sean dunbar ...   '
new concert : tue jul 21 @ maxwell's , hoboken -   "
it appears as though   has lost 15 followers and i think he is on the verge of suicide . '
rt :   :   noooobody expects the spanish inquisition ! '
rt     tweetpysch : twitter psychological profiling has arrived   <-who needs the cosmo quiz ? '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   : somebody turn down johnny gill's vocal box ...not the mic ...he just has a loud larynx larynx ? no ! i can't any more "
trey songz is the hardest r &b singer out (pause) lol rt   : girl you gon think i invented sex .... '
dj cheb i sabbah - shri durga '
o outro filme "knowing" (pressgios). uma viagem total , mas diverte . com nicholas cage . '
rt   : rt   : next official demo thursday , day of mourning . national strike has to be planned nationally . '
0.00 km /h   (accuracy 206 meters ) [amethyst dr , laredo , tx 78045, usa ] '
tonight cinema :d going to see terminator salvation . is it good ? hope so . '
i just saw a company called 'lamers'. who would call his company like that ? lame ! oh ye , sorry . forget the +rs. that seriously made my day ! "
starting a lawncare buisness information | redneck lawn care guide   '
  www '
misguided 'cash for clunkers ' legislation speeds along ...: this mindset will aid oregon in attaining th ..   "
rt   rt   ...we claim tupac as a source of pride (c) zion i -the bay (via     ) -----> happy born day to tupac '
  lol ha nigga .. u know i think u can watch it online   '
  huffpost - fox news identifies sanford as a democrat '
rt   : beyonce lookin hot as fuck ! but she's singing our national belizean funeral song wow ! with her damn twist ave maria ! lol "
goodnight trend ? its really sad that apple's new tablet cost's $1,299.. so sad   "
finally i'm watching part 2 of the housewives reunion ! "
want mobile mktg for your biz ? let us help you decide the best strategy and put it in place for you . contact us at   . '
online band management solution | pulseamp | gen-y rock star ..   '
  u r sooo right '
ditto ! rt   : wants to see away we go . the soundtrack looks pretty solid too . [edit]   '
city asks applicants for internet passwords -   '
  have u guys seen this ?   '
watching i'm a celebrity get me out of here !!! not a bad show got so much cleaning to get done wish it would do itself "
  - this is the kind of story that brings a tear to my eye and makes me feel plain ol ' wishy washy . "
long day .....now getting ready for the clubbb '
rt   : how to organize graphic design files   '
  - nascar coach and author '
hey gang ! check out our new wholesale custom car air fresheners to promote your own twitter site with your clientele ..!   '
rt   managed to make it through the entire day without seeing or hearing anything about michael jackson . lock yourself in a closet ? '
iran election protests turn violent   ... '
rt :   : 'voc j sofreu discriminao por ser negra ? sim . ontem ':   "
enya and winter came ...   ~889w7 '
  is a genius in internet marketing . great follow . rt please . '
changed color to blues . ocd much ? '
nice to meet you today . rt   : thanks dave bangert for a very informative and interesting forest health hike . '
survey reveals lack of understanding by business executives of the value of disaster recovery and business conti ..   '
show support for democracy in iran add green ribbon to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
re : notebook math beta - read this before installing . u may have to re-install notebook 10 after trial expires   '
festejos pelo 103 . aniversrio   '
rt     nada substitui o talento , porra ! finalista do profissionais do ano 2009 . parabns !!!!!! '
  we've got a day off tour on canada day - any chance we might be able to play on the parks alive ! power stage ?? "
home theater for sale - panasonic pt-l 520 u hd home theater / computer projector - go to   '
ebrd endorsed a $13 million credit line for azerdemiryolbank - azerbaijan business center : ebrd endorsed a $13 mil ..   ... '
recapitulando , a globo j anunciou os filmes da sesso da tarde de semana que vem ? michael jackson fez filme neh ? '
riding the lifts easy cash 4 all : 190 m pound ski resort may open in himalayas in 2012   '
  o idk i would like to know to '
my daily twittascope -   '
  , . '
finished exams !!!! im relieved . '
  u ever try louis xiii cognac ? '
look what's on kijiji indianapolis   "
whatever martha makes me laugh .. '
  white page . sorry mate '
i am not interest in making money for the future , i am making moeny for the now . leve me alone market people '
happy fathers day kids . '
rt iran : some police units are refusing to get involved . ordinary folk are taking in protestors for the night '
dubai trade in mashreq deal   '
lmfao people are still lame ! they just don't get it ! i'm past the point of upsetness ,this is entertainment at its best-people with no lives "
rt   meet milo ventimiglia today in los angeles 1 pm -3pm at golden apple comics on melrose   '
thanks ! rt   windy citizen takes the prize for the best-named crowdsourced news site .   '
fed up ! '
rt   : rt   mouse guard rpg beats d &d4 for best rpg rules at the origins awards . '
  '
sjukskterskor och lkare rappar om sprit   '
is trying to put gas from a gas can into my truck oh what i wouldn't give for some help right now "
rt @ mikeboyd the hive tomorrow night www .thehive.org.au and interactive minds on wednesday morning   '
  oh man yea there all kinda far from me i don't feel like driving tooo far out for a burrito . lol "
this qualifies as one of the odd things i do for work i'm sure   "
rt   just performed massive unfollow due to too many notifications . if i deleted u and u are , let me know , pls '
rt   : life takes on meaning when you become motivated , set goals and charge after them in an unstoppable manner . -- les brown -- '
i just took the "what beatles song are you ?" quiz and got : michelle ! try it :   '
honda civic 1.5 2 zitter meeting auto www .vanesch-autos nl : aangeboden : honda civic 1.5 2 zitter meeting auto w ..   '
wondering about soo many things . '
birdfeed : finally , an iphone twitter client to match tweetie's ...: if you own an iphone , chances are you ha ..   "
can you find the hidden blue jay   '
good mornin jerze we gone continue to stay sucka free .......... '
new -   ruby complex , the ruby complex is comprised of the ruby fire on the tusay ... '
must see rt   : your debt load may not be your fault . have this comedian give you a few reasons why . ~~http://tinyurl.com/oa8kw6 '
rt   : if you have pink eye whytf ...would you come to class ? if my eye itches im going n2 super sayian mode <-real life goku ! lol '
"" : ..   '
on my way to church then got a championship game @ 6 ....peace and god bless to all '
  that's actually genius ! i wish i were there to go hunting for these passes !! lol "
good night tweeps ! '
still sick .. huee '
bored at work till 9 '
the blue jays weekend did indeed suck , but i'm going on 3 years strong for being able to say 'at least i'm not a mets fan .' "
  lmao .... get a life dude ! '
  - image of the push bike i am picking up in less than 12 hours ! '
aaah true blood makes it all better ...   '
rt   : rt   : rt   abc's cellphone footage of iran election protest   "
lwatt obsessed still :) so turn right into my arms , that `s why my ex is stil my ex lol random is funny '
my first vimeo hd clip   '
dollars - going fast fast fast :) rt   : bankruptcy trustee accuses denny hecker of fraud   '
plans and field inspections , just way i like it ! '
this dday is soooooo boring '
rt   : accenture looking into facebook widgets for employee job referrals '
genius . rt   : the floor would move very slowly on a belt that fed people out the door . one building's length every 90 minutes . "
fire moves into houses nation's foreclosure crisis left abandoned ...: ... bullish bankers : the innovation i ..   "
g8 to urge peaceful solution to iran   g8 should grow some huevos ! '
  exactly k and euphomisns !! '
new blog post : need to find divorce court records   '
-   '
dang tuyen gap bs cac chuyen khoa cdha . san . tmh . rhm . noi . da lieu '
in .gr/news: : ..   '
don't be mad .. be glad ! "
mgrcyberbiz >> review : emachines emd 525 : ..   '
"lensmen": straczynski (jms) ber die adaption von e .e. smiths scifi-klassiker   '
ipod touch for sale - apple ipod touch 2 nd generation silver (16 gb ) mp3 p ... - go to   '
uglybetty . '
  4 more info on hw 2 vote 4 tokio hotel ...if ur interested that is '
's best friend has won design grand prix ! am so proud of him !   "
  hmmmmm ...gd i went by myself ... '
  who you gonna call ? i love this movie ! '
  you are going back and forth - for what ? a boy ? '
new blog post : online jobs   '
  in '
@ nandokid really ? why ? '
3 (()())   '
rt message direct from iran . v .imp. please read :   now retweet (via   ) '
obama swats fly mid-interview in white house video from bbc news -   '
got sims 2 apartment pets for the ds today '
the 10.000 th frame , by alunfoto . ... of my k20d is enough of a hallmark to warrant a peso . :-)   '
physician (associate chief of staff , extended care ),government,lyons, nj , u ..   '
is debating how much i really care that we have to find a new reception spot '
  hahaha y con esos pelos parados ! qe ahora estan rubios xd '
breathing '
kkkkkkkkkkkkkk (ronaldo) rt :   : msn , telefonemas , o povo t louco pq eu apareci no tv fama ! kkkkkkkkk '
check out this review for this glowing product - you will be rolling in the isle -   '
car problems engine hesitation /missing   '
windows 7 n-o sa mai aiba msie ...   '
parker finch partners with authority seo to enhance online brand ...: parker finch , an hoa management company is ..   '
rt : mousavi (on a cellphone attached to a speaker ) asked people to remain calm & said he's still after their vote . "
    - a message for italiangianlu :anche tu italiano ? '
car wash with the high school kids . great trip to and from rockford yesterday . suta . '
rt   :call congress to demand a no vote on the unread energy tax using this link :   '
rt :   : a quien pueda interesar : si dan up en 3 d y subtitulada en cinepolis de hayuelos   '
run %27s house ->   '
rt tanks : use at least 10 bottle for one tank , 3 quarter petrol one quarter washing powder to coagulate the combustible '
rt   i am in to win a fanurio license - great time tracking app for freelancers ! join this contest too :   . '
w00t ! thanks for great work , will ! rt   : one year and over 250 members later , ixda dc is recognized :-)   '
alexander :no tiene importancia . salud !!! '
rt @ persiankiwiconfirmed - tehran uni dorm 17 seriously injured . no deaths reported yet . will post link . '
peugeot 306 break 1.4 xn (stationwagon 5 drs ): prijs : 2.300 ,00 gezocht : te koop a ..   '
dormi demais e no fiz oq tinha que fazer (normal q ) '
going to sleep and of course im goin to bed to so michael jackson songs ! rip mj   '
wtf why cant guys just understand girls '
nytt design ' again   "
new sanctions on north korea : will china enforce them ? - christian science monitor : cbc .canew sanctions on north ..   '
new blog post : $325 osmotics bag giveaway   '
shamless plug , this product is my new best friend :   '
  i was just on that site ..watched the tired eyes video ! '
:   '
rt : 65 ancient video games i wish existed   hilarious (via   ) '
  bonjour ! merci '
rt   scubablog blog archive   '
u .s. drone kills at least 45 militants in pakistan - officials   '
sanyo lp-wtc 500 l and pdg-det 100 jl high-brightness projectors   '
rt   enterprise 2.0 : the kumbaya irony   <insightful and funny ! '
made a vide called "thinking of switching mlm companies " watch at   '
  just found a video of the santi dance-off :     and i killed it , but the dude in plaid may have won . '
rt   so called supreme leader : "it\'s not easy to accept loosing " | : you \'ll see that it \'s not ! |   '
rt   i thought it never rained in southern california ????? '
rt   just added a link (letter from mousavi's office to pres . obama )   pls rt "
  battler and artist ..to me are different ....punch lines and actions are not the same as a radio and speakers ...or is it ? '
  good luck lady ! '
10 %   '
leest : zesde hoofdstuk : geen ontkomen aan personal branding   van ernst-jan pfauth '
farrah fawcett dead at 62 ..   '
"no one deserves lung cancer "   '
beach day !! this tan contest is a wrap ! i got this ! lmao !!! '
gastroparesis ? - diabetes daily   '
am in the office playing with my muffin top , oh so sexy ! '
  - ***mission accomplished , thank you !! '
new video games : can i insert a playstation 2 memory card after starting a game and still save my progress ? (http://cli.gs/eh7md) '
hey developers /web designers - do you use any of these systems ?   (pls rt ) '
  do you think you guys can feature this gps system on gadget pron ?   '
a mai naptl online is olvashat az "internet vllalkozs a semmibl " c . sikerknyvem ... rendeld meg most :   '
gawker : kreepie kats klassik : "moonwalk up to heaven , your 8,000 virgins await :   full   '
countless readers have gone before me , but i just started the guernsey literary and potato peel society   '
reading : rt   : vt : feltjungle featurette : review of agua caliente casino resort   '
iphone os mac pro . ...   (via   ) ~ '
rt   "say \'yes\' when you mean \'yes\' and \'no\' when you mean \'no.\' anything beyond that is from the evil one ." matthew 5 :37 '
rt :   : 4 . '
'
wg angebot (http://is.gd/1givz): mitbewohnwe / in zum 1 .september gesucht von in '
  it's an art ?! "
  promoting boa \'s "eat you up " video ... '
this heat got me wondering : does the wicked witch sweat ? '
(archeurope) showcasing the secrets of caistor roman town   '
rt   : frank the entertainer gets his own dating show , and you can be part of the cast .   -- whaaat !? hahahah !! '
twitter reschedules maintenance around controversy : as we reported over the weekend , twittertwitte ..   '
be angry and do not sin ; do not let the sun go down on your anger , and give no opportunity to the devil . (esv)   '
  hey eric ,.glad to hear all is great with u guys . still live that funk u play ! tim from oc   '
rt : rt atlanta rally , sun june 28, at cnn center , 4 pm   '
iii domingo musicaxias - 28 /06, 16 h , vago / r $ 6 / shows : ton e os karas , revlver , tia chica , agente ed / leve 5 amigos e entre de graa ! '
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
viendo inframundo 3, la rebelion de los lycans . '
time 4 call of duty 4 ...!! '
rt   : if you upgraded your apple tv to 2.4 : run patchstick again , update launcher , download latest boxee and you'll be back boxeeing "
  thank you so much =) variety is the spice of life i think :d i put 1 more up for ya :)   '
apple's itunes now nation's largest music seller   "
[992]3441 @   '
control room operator spdc sea eagle '
rt   twitter chat to establish yourself as an authority in your niche :   '
  sup :d *gives the gangster 'whats up ' nod * ahhah im so bored &gt;&lt; "
gas prices jump another 17 cents a gallon local news | news ...   '
gonna take the train to little tokyo tomorrow afternoon . anybody interested in joining ? '
nevermind , woops . '
  yayy =) !!!!!!!! '
rt :   i \'m a ninja in need of a causal t to act as a warning . how \'bout "this is a ninja in street clothes " it \'d save lives | ftw ! '
woah ! nemesistheory !? is the real nemesistheory on twitter !? :d zw337 :3 '
song of the day (06/14): sugar donut "loser"   '
fine asian toying herself at home   '
  ahn ??? mas os mamonas morreram num domingo ! ahuauhhua '
yay . i've got people looking out for me . i've got friends in places i didn't even know ... this makes me feel good . "
is relaxin ' "
gorbachov !   '
  tio , si   tambin se rie y a ella no le dices nada ... :( '
country boy wit a waffle n cheese eggs ? slapping hard '
  (panasonic unveils 85 -inch plasma at infocomm '09)   "
office   '
i just took the "do you have true friends ?" quiz and got : most of them !!! try it :   '
"read, every day , something no one else is reading . think , every day , something no one else is thinking ...."   '
rt   we still need your help to get 1,000 fans on facebook :   '
going to buy a new point and shoot camera soon . any suggestions ? i love my sony cybershot , but it has died . like won't power on anymore :( "
rt "mousavi\'s facebook p : march is on !"   '
businesscards with monograms profile cards : monograms for business cards profile cards . customize these business ..   '
beach toes !!! oh my i love the beach !!!   '
exploring social media for social good   '
  what the hell is {o}?! it doesn't even look like a face ! hahaha ! &gt;_&lt; uncle language "
vireo-s 3 tees perfect for the batman of golf kiel christianson   '
rt   you can go green : save the environment - cut down on co2   '
rt   "every father should remember that one day his son will follow his example instead of his advice ." - author unknown '
0 hhoneybunch : 0 hhoneybunch   '
rt   quiz : olive oil , omega 9, and your heart   '
'
jennie garth - so shy , so sexy . download free wallpapers at   '
rt   amnesty summit excludes immigration enforcement supporters www .alipac.us '
maybe it's because i have some ice caramel latte "
  : "fuck ya "   ~8bc47 '
rt   : glad they took it down .it makes me crazy especially people who kept reporting the (hoax) jeff goldblum's death which is sick . "
new website allows cubans to receive up to 5 text messages a day with news about the island published on exile sites   '
were getting this .   '
rt   : chase ur passion , not ur pension ! what do you love ??? that is the question '
genialt ! =) rt   dirty dancing - dersom david lynch stod bak :   '
to na internet ! '
rt   : ,,// '
wanting a nice cold glass of '
rt   : site pics to take the edge off the monday monday blues :   '
your daily blessing is ready on prison ministries you can find it here   pass it on and be blessed '
chinese : bitly @   '
rt   : u .s. supreme court rejects last-ditch effort to build outdated coal plant   '
e .o. wilson on saving life on earth | ted .com (22 min )   '
spalletti elogia la dirigenza romanista   '
    '
"do you know what you don \'t know " rt   : q5 are the majority of producers truly aware of his /her role in safety ? '
rt   : and my goal in life is to give to the world what i was lucky to receive : the ecstasy of divine union through my music a ... '
changos   ya no existe '
outlines his cuts and tax revenue increase on rich , about $950 billion for both .   '
via   - well done , arnold . - will not defend prop 8 in federal court .   where are you , mr . president ? '
o .o &gt; state department asks twitter to delay scheduled maintenance because of its role in iran election |   '
triste y encabronada '
  , i like either or , but think the latter is better b /c it's like or "
just hit 4000 songs on itunes . bet i finally beat   '
  vs --- round 1 --- iphone reduces bb storm to something more like "calm skies ". lol . if that even makes sense . '
listening to 'chika lang 'yon' by blanktape     "
fireworks at the old port ..! firework comp . england waat ! lol '
rt   : my 12 yr old used to be very shy . i asked , "what happened ?" she said , "i became myself ." '
  you are so incredibly right with adding the universal ! '
  lol u know there's a difference between being a bitch and being a crazy bitch ! (via   )&lt;&lt; i'm a sweet , crazy bitch &gt;&gt; "
watching sun go down over the mountains with my wife of 15 years ; proposed in these mtns 16 years ago   '
graas ao investimento de pessoas como americo amorim ou belmiro azevedo , tria est linda . que ningum estrague   '
rt   sorry . here it is . video of the protester being beaten to death in iran   '
rt :   : vip             '
        (and the 131 other people who clicked through ) clogrolled ! [it's like rickrolling , but with clogs ] "
anyone wanna get ramen for dinner ? im feeling like going to kahoo ramen   '
rt   one of these days , i'm gonna have one of those days .when you meet whats his name and find a whatjamacallit thingy "
  yep , you sure got me ! '
my roxy boots roughy inside the burton lexa patchwork bindings attached to my gnu snowboard ;)   '
  oh yea '
outpersonals affiliate program details   '
ok i have to get ready for the day . still have 101 articles 2 do . not enuff time n the day ! chk out the new articles yall www .whatsthet.com '
que bueno est esto para iphone-ipod touch   '
i just uploaded "a complete india holiday tour " to docstoc .com, check it out :   '
i just took the "what type of car are you ?" quiz and got : convertible ! try it :   '
planeando unas posibles vacaciones en san miguel guanajuato , suena como algo mas cool que el df para el blog . '
  : saw 1 of my humble haiku on your "best of on twitter "   i \'m honoured ! '
free list building tools - limited time !   '
it's been one of those days :/ "
kliniken sagen fehlern den kampf an : schwbische zeitung denn : "wenn fehler vermieden werden , steigt nicht ..   '
little joy :&#8221;next time around &#8221; -   '
rt   : if you're an importer , winery / wine-maker interested in tx mkt , dm me ; working as brand mgr 4 progressive . "
rt   :   verdict ?funny as shit . i hope to have a misadventure like that someday '
rt   : the role twitter is currently playing as an important communication tool in iran . '
rt   check out usana's sens skin-care line mentioned in this westsidetoday .com (l.a.) story .   "
i just got name checked on the artsjournal blog in an article about the brilliant     '
rt from iran : confirmed - tabriz - baseej headqurters set fire - 'many' dead "
listening to 'wag na wag mong sasabihin (acoustic)' by kitchie nadal     "
rt :   happy birthday nph !! '
sweden to call for co2 tax as eu president . incoming swedish eu presidency to call on member states to impose carbon tax   '
  aha 6 aib enjoy :) u can drink b4 the movie ... that's an idea :) "
  manchester '
informative article on the effort to make pay online news model work :   (thanks!   ) '
  - aftermath from the tornado that hit us . that was my first one . it was scarrier than the northridge earthquake . '
minna 01 :   not yet . it says the album gets here thursday :( '
spa kneads   '
ahmadinejad-gegner wollen demonstrieren dementi des staatsfernsehens - basler zeitung : oe24 .atahmadinejad-gegn..   '
if an elf grows a beard , he becomes a dwarf . '
5 ldk   '
[] 6 /19 jam project   '
posted a new blog on social media and the voluntary sector .   '
quo vadis 10 jaar !! ht gratis cultureel uitgaansblad van nijmegen e .o. ! '
cocoon   '
  '
bad dads | nbc washington   '
  '
  i wish i could be there with you ...&lt;3 '
[1]   '
okay , so tc is now translated to italian , german , french , chinese , korean , dutch , japanese , and russian . :d '
  oh glory be to god ..i didnt have the heart to tell \'em. just kept saying "aw thats nice "...whatever i moved on , obviously lol '
i just attacked   and lost .   '
06 /15 10 :54: / (esca-8243)   '
  is just trying to stay relevant and its totally sick . rt   : perez hilton is pig vomit .   '
well lucky me . the boss says go home ! gotta love a half day '
rt   : rt   : rt   neverland should be the new graceland ! open it to micheal jackson fans ! retweet ! '
buen dia amaneci con un hambre del demonio . vere q cosa podre comer no tan pesao . '
  yikes ! '
'foxy knoxy ' takes stand in sex murder case   "
  ) '
women's writing fires up summer reading lists @   (#bea09) (#spi09) "
i just took the "are you more like demi or selena ?" quiz and got : demi lovato ! try it :   '
liked "mosley to meet with teams today "   '
you're like a black cat with a black back pack full of fireworks and you're gonna burn the city down right now . "
st .catherines jobs network administrator (st. catharines - ontario ): education : completion ..   '
rt   cyberwar guide iran 09 rt   please read ! please read this b4 you rt iran-related tweets -   '
here i come smith machine . darn it . '
sare sozial digitalek historia egin dezakete   '
  what the fuck u still awake kid '
free gay boys pictures   '
a drunk man stole a bus and crashed it into railings causing thousands of pounds of damage   '
  9 tacos such a fat ass lol jk '
is off to sushi tei ps with mommy . (hungry)   '
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
decanter .com: torres all clear after cyanide scare   full   '
rt :     : uma grande banda ao vivo sempre melhor . skank via internet ,   no twitter , tag '
google , consumer genetics and the recession   '
t-mobile posts iphone 3 g s tech specs   '
  - charlay - 'someone should dress up as where's wally ' "
can't wait to watch chelsea lately tonight . too bad monday is the start of our schooldays . god i wish summer wont end . "
news : us insists settlement freeze demand includes east jerusalem -   '
review : yu-gi-oh ! 5 d &#39;s stardust accelerator : world championship ...: yu-gi-oh ! 5 d &#39;s stardust accelerator ..   '
shredded wheat . turning into an old lady . '
interview : brittany's interview with   is up now ...check it out here   :) "
mj's morphine   as soon as i heard he'd died from an overdose of demerol , i thought of this song "
points .com | points .com home   lifehacks travel '
10 ways to add art on a budget .   '
  haha tesko error log ma please verify xml on firefox bhancha hola :d '
, review .. :   '
rt   congrats to   on getting this headline on the front page of msdn . :-)   '
i just wounded   in an assassination attempt .   '
nikitag ..   '
rt   : think facebook name land grab marketing ploy nonsense likely to annoy more people than it will please . like fb in general ... '
father of the 4 winds , fill my sails , across sea of years w /no provision but an open face , along the straits of fear-kashmir '
  . thanx ! '
livedoor   '
geiseldrama : "die seltsamste entfhrung , die es je im jemen ga   '
rt   driving home from poker in sherwood . my back is killing me . seriously , i need to see my c ..   '
  thanks so much for coming . always love seeing you dude ! '
not good .   abandons web standards , using word to render html emails in outlook 2010 . visit   and rt '
rt   : when troubles come and they always do , be love .when times are hard and cash flow too , be love . '
in a yellow on my way to negril . got hungry . '
  no xbox over here only my wiiiiiiiiiiii '
  hi doctor ...i wanna know you '
me divertindo com o marketing de guerrilha coca-cola ...   quero ganhar pontos twittando isso '
new post : my business site re-launched - seoidiot - blackhat seo blog (http://cli.gs/epgddb) '
rt   question of the day ? can you turn a hoe into a house wife ? i'm just sayin , they say t .i did it .... he was lucky i guess but no "
art or fart ? &gt; oadby and wigston   '
listening to "jump - kris kross "   ~8m2wz '
john and lisa bevere teachings .   '
  you made me laugh with cubic zirconium .... '
excellentissime le teaser pour le twitter tracker au tonight show   les pauvres petits zozios ^^ '
dogs were barking like crazy couldn't figure out why but saw my brother was here getting something out of the barn . "
paralysed by indecision ...immobilised by fear ...   '
[django]   kkubasik - [gsoc2009-testing] adding a debugging statement git-svn-id :   bcc 190 cf-cafb ... '
rt     - at greekfest camarillo , doing this . '
archbishop burke on the obama speech at notre dame   '
tf latest : corporation tonight   '
  so seeing the new st movie rekindled your desire for original st huh ? (me too !) :) '
look like michael died and screwed up everything . its all thrown together '
just got home after a really long day , hot outside and raining ...its a mystery to me . '
  min , itu buku 2 lama atau buku 2 baru ? ada imported books ga ? '
rt   : need to pump up the volume on twitter ppl ! plz help me get more followers !! '
rt   :   - nokia n97 homescreen with the new gravity widget . '
  splash - upto 50 % off : splash eye on design sale upto 50 % off fashion store for men and women   '
rt   : pinguins gays adotam filhote : dois pinguins machos chocaram ovo abandonado e agora esto criando o filhote .   '
new explorer to twitter '
  too bad , i'm going . "
hey   next date line lil al b on the next "to catch a predator " (iq live ! live >   '
cherries on top r nice ! '
awesome ! rt   : autobots , beer & bbq at mcwane science center on june 25 th !   (via   ) '
rt   : unfit at 20, diabetes at 40 -low aerobic fitness levels in your 20 s = likely diabetes   '
zaha hadid architects : cairo expo city   '
my daily twittascope -   '
  thank you for the rt ! i hope your weekend is everything you were hoping for ! '
rt @ goldzone most people focus on success and think fulfillment comes next . focus on fulfillment and success will follow . '
rt   :   - rebellion ! '
reading : friendfeed now allows file sharing , including mp3s   '
ron moore from new show 12 minute sneak peak .   tonight fox fri infamous night death slot . go colon no go ? '
  nice vacation pictures from heymanhaha in the capital city , sana \\'a "
rt   : latest atlantic piece on cooking with david thompson -   - got lucky . '
at work tired as hell !!!! i wanna go home !! '
i just took the "what mcfly song are you ?" quiz and got : that girl ! try it :   '
much talk of od this w /e..don't od on web apps   "
  elaborate ? '
rt   : wirkungsvoller als zensur und netzsperre   xd '
  yeah , suck it widgets ! '
  hey adam , what's your gamertag ?? "
after awhile ill forget everything it was a brief interlude & a midsummer nights fling and ill see that its time to move on ... '
choose your dolphin tour operator wisely in the thousand isles of southern laos   '
judging by my message board posts , i am the overachiever in my online classes . f'n fantastic . "
  - heading out to smoke . won't see this stairwell for awhile . "
good morning tweeps . i just got my coffee a while ago an now i'm doing the zombie stare . "
2 ) teen learns he was swapped as baby   '
rt   : hearing people breathe loud . lol ur right on the money with all ur haa ! we c eye 2 eye . "
  -   hahaha look what i found '
  i was a fan of mj's music , didn't give a crap what he did in his off time . i adored farrah . but i'm not sad . "
heading to mellow mushroom for game 7 of the stanley cup finals and sweet water friday in birmingham , al '
dell - $404 off on studio xps 16 laptop : with graphics card   '
rt   a career as an actor is a long term journey . '
working '
rt   one illegal download is equal to 3 1 /3 dead relatives -   (via reddit ) '
das letzte foto :   mj '
became the no 1 topic in news , public debate , politics . we have a great respect for the brave iranian people . never give up . '
  i good playa trying to stay up ! so sad about mike ! '
rt   rt   leaving columbus to head to the play in cleveland . then back to columbus for the night then home to c ... '
joins in canada day & july 4 fun : register july 1 -4, get the celebrate ! special rate & save $600.   ^gb '
the ios pink list 2009   '
i was in the fantasy section of a bookstore . a transvestite approached me and asked if i could slay his /her dragon . '
rt - 300 new followers in a day - totally free - no sale -   '
posting ads '
rt   four videos just posted : moving mummies , ct scans , curators   '
rt   : check out super chirp . you can charge for your tweets ! --   '
ryan leslie cd , #3. rt :   i like that   . orignal work i assume ? got any more ? '
link between adolescent obesity and reduced sleep caused by te ...   '
bing loses out - like others , for a few weeks ive been trying to use only bing . honestly , at my job , google ...   '
dado dolabella faz mdia com outros participantes   '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   ff                 '
chris ray on his way back up   '
watch army wives '
rt   : boys are stupid . :( '
  you in uni today ? '
red lobster !!! '
just joined a twibe . visit   to join '
kayla just opened a dove chocolate , wrapper inside : write a real letter , not just an email . i'll add : with a fountain pen ! "
habe gerade noch 2 fr die zur schsischen landtagswahl eingettet ...   '
rt   .. check them out !! follow friday luv !!             '
  not at all . i've felt one step off all morning . "
rt   : rt   who r the neighbors whr yr children play ? check the national sex offender registry : www .familywatchdog.us/ '
  now that is news ... honest_babe rt   : oh boy ! michael jackson's kids not really his ?   "
www .nychpv.org top stories of the week - the news international : top stories of the weekthe news international ,&nbsp;pakist.. '
  , acho que vc no ia me achar em casa mesmo ... mas de boa ! rs '
lifequips rt   : " a life without cause is a life without effect !" rev run '
rt   rt   -> if you're going to say something bad about someone , ask yourself , is this what you want your child to do ? "
juanelo nos muestra otros usos para los tampones xdd -   '
hmm ... there's an error with the flair . do you think facebook is trying to tell me something ? "
  lol im out fuhthee nite :) '
rt   12 essential rules to follow when designing a logo | webdesigner depot   '
a little environmental humor : the environment 06.29 .09 most recent most vi   full   '
rt -   happy saturday twitterverse ...#squarespace iphone gift card giveaway coming in 2.5 hours ! '
    - love the suit and set but it doesnt look like you ....i have to agree with   about somet ... '
v *p*n ( )   '
* amazon kindle how-to - help ! my kindle's frozen !   "
  - banking regulation 'not to blame '   "
5 dicas para usar o twitter no trabalho   '
  father's day facts !!! "
habitat selego iconic ! 44,99   '
  - '
rt   : blackberry is still leader of the pack   '
i love polyvore !   '
  i make hubby kiss our feet while we ram the baseball bat up his ass , that way he remembers who's in charge in our home :) "
promenade dans les entrailles de la terre   '
just listened : hazuki erino ashita , yuugure made   '
  :o srioo ? pensava que a carlota joaqina tinha mais :x '
  mis favoritos son el pan con aceite , tomate y jamn serrano '
in 20 years , you wont remember where you spent your nights or what you did , but you will remember the friends you were with . '
jean snow's japanese blog is always worth a look -http://architecturelist.com/ "
vdeo de surf : ondas de santa catarina   '
and he dam well should ! rt   palin demands letterman apology : tells americans to 'rise up ':   "
hundreds rally in front of municipal hall : district of mission council , local mlas and the ceo of the fraser hea ..   '
green brief 12   '
jornada intensiva julio /agosto   '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   i hate evvvvvveryone ! why can't people just live life ? everyone has to try to be in control . let it be ! "
  thx for talking about me aright joey !!!!!!!!!!!!!! '
dell brings in $3 million in sales from twitter :   see , you can bring in sales using twitter . :) '
  ohhhhhh welcome girl ;so we gonna tweet more ..... '
start losing weight today !   '
              just remembered this :   '
eco-friendly and socially responsible beer kegerator !   '
haha ..really tho ..i didn \'t kno gospel singrs rockd leather pants ..rt   "god in me " is a hood gospel song '
wow , billy mays died :(   '
if were holding or blocking energy , were preventing not only its outflow , but also the inflow . '
  i see carlsberg ! lol have fun . '
  - is this logo better or the earlier one '
speak the language of your buyers ...   '
blonde chick got nailed in couch   '
  no problem passin along , i wanna do more :o( plz send any info u have to support an i will always rt :o) '
garage sale allen tx   '
just updated my blog :   now going antique shopping . i will hopefully have updated pictures on monday . '
otw bintaro , rmh duka gemmy ahmad '
was passiert in so einer klimaanlage ?   '
rt reports indicate potential alliance of iranian military officers with pro-democracy protestors via   '
rt   :   - the beast hard at work today - too much ! '
reading : "free visas for tourists | thailand travel news | thailand travel online " (   ) '
actually he died about 6 am this morning ..its is crazy rt   : breaking news ! billy mays oxyclean pitch man died an hour ago . omfg ! '
social media and publishing : revolutions online and offline   '
saludos seores , mi insomnio desapareci bendita maana y benditos mini splits xd '
  diay , mal dormido y con hambre ....jaja....pero aqu disfrutando de unos segundos de ocio .. '
twirl one for the moment :) '
set up a tor relay to help irans internet :   rt this 1 '
01 :57 bad veins - crosseyed '
innovation hot spots : thomson reuters analysis of world patent activity identifies technology areas showing shar ..   '
gewinnspiel : anno 1404 : pnktlich zum starttermin von anno 1404 knnen sie bei uns tolle preise rund um das ga ..   '
the ''mirotic'' in nanjing - checkmate   "
morning :) '
  that might be a sign that you need to go outside and interact with real life people . lol . :) '
struggling homeowners get room to breathe   '
  thanks for picking up your phone .. for like the 100 th time ! sf trip wasn't complete without you :( "
on 3.0 with my 1.0 device . no biggie . debating whether or not it's worth it to sell the old iphone for the 3 gs "
rt   : my head just exploded -   '
troubled genius and tabloid favorite : michael jackson has died after a suffering a cardiac arrest at his los ang ..   '
recebi 2 msgs no cel m avisando que tinha stefhany (com fh msm ) no caldeiro . meu deus , sera q acham que sou tipo f msm ? rs '
just played a new song on , everyone remember your name by blue judy   '
view from my chair   '
still nothing .. hum . i don't feel like fixing it either . :/ "
i uploaded a youtube video -- lego battles - cut scenes 1 of 3   '
  hope you're having a gorgeous birthday today ! xoxo "
can't seem to get my daughter out of the shower ....girls!!!! "
  have a wonderful cd release party - bonne chance ! '
  , plurk , ! d add   '
  that's cool , but are you going to this   "
  aea caaati *-----* fala comigo ;) '
noah introducing task and processing patterns to execute generic work on the coherence grid . '
  hey ov , could you tell simeon to make a twitter accont :p thanks , you rock ... '
rt   : rt   rt   : rt   che , me aburro .   gay (rt recursivo para hacer que   salga del armario ) '
:d   '
carter in gaza :   '
top story   : stricker , lehman to jdc   '
check this video out -- we drink soda   check it out an spread the word now !!!!! '
amber alert : 5 yo boy abducted from home in lincoln , delaware , by his father . father and son could be headed to philly .   '
setting pandora to mj . :( rip '
my senator is #2!   huffpost - sexiest senators : who's the hottest on the hill ? "
  - sister linda (blonde),neice lucia ,sister sandy ,pastor bob '
searched twitter for yousaf ali shah :   '
watchmen director zack snyder exclusively reveals more details about his illustrated man adaptation : the directo ..   '
post about nanomedia   '
rt   trying 2 get family out door on time ? place oversized clock @ front door . set alarm 15 min in adv . reward those ontime . '
getting thrown up on at the park by my daughter on her one month birthday . priceless . :) '
my daily twittascope -   '
\\5,980 (10%point back )   '
i just wounded   in an assassination attempt .   '
  - finders keepers 20 % sale 2 morrow   locations '
im stronger than yesterday . stronger-britney spears . '
vote 4 me ! toyota "rock the space " contest !   '
order honey cake for rosh hashanah '
  - me and underdog :) i love you xoxo '
'
  right im jet lagged what's your excuse for being up ? the scottish girls loved you last night x "
  nh . '
wire _2 : ahmadinejad joins russia summit : yekaterinburg , jun 16 - iran's under-fire president mahmoud ahma ..   "
rt   rt   ncte has a great summary of the past week in transpolicyland . a lot has been happening .   '
rt   : today is a day for mothers who deny fathers their children 2 put their feelings aside & let fathers to be in their childs life '
comment on can someone recommend me real online jobs . by online jobs , i mean actual jobs that i can do at home .? by ...   '
    - aaaw i loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee so muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuch !!!! miley com ... '
rt   "well, this is it . the last day . it \'s been a splendid 29 years & today at 7 pm we will be closing the doors forever " thanx karl '
rt   indians are racists , and happy about it .   browse amitava kumar author page   '
this is what we "win"? rt   toll of the lakers "celebration": 8 officers w / minor injuries , 21 arrested .   '
sitting in the barber shop sitting nxt to this crazy girl '
    - i still say wolverhampton was better ......probs coz i was rite at the front ha !!! xxxxxx '
try your luck at winning a 32 gb iphone 3 g s   ! deets at   '
  link :   '
:   '
rt   : microsoft is no longer paying for employees ' data plans unless the phone is running winmo . that'll cut costs by 95 %. :-) "
note to self '
rt   tehranbureau : a woman's first hand report of the events of today at qoba mosque   "
rt   listening to the weekly wealthtrack podcast while eyeing the florida marlins baseball game . '
had a friend that smell funny but didn't no how to tell them that they do ... "
i wanna put   on blast . he got a girl now he be m .i.a. in love ass nigga . na let me stop hating wudup g . '
nws has issued a severe storm outlook narrative for all il county until 03 :00 pm '
get 100 followers a day using   '
peter gabriel - the book of love ... nice song just listen to it :   '
how to keep bad robots , spiders and web crawlers away   [warning: red background . don't blame me :) ] "
is half price beer and hanging with my friends worth sitting outside in the heat and ''watching'' a game ? "
rt   : there's art for art's sake , and then there's just being a bit of a twat ...   <<that is twatish !! "
new dop shadow optimizer script   '
hey fellow followers if you want more followers check out this site :   '
plc head could be released next week   '
:   '
rt   : attn plz do not use iranian names /twitter id \'s use "rt from iran " !! they \'re being tracked-sabotaged ! '
lets make everyone know who shalit is , add blue ribbon to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
photo : i want to start being able to lucidly dream , so ive been writing as on my palms for the past week ....   '
  rock that stuff trent ! i'd make an appearance if it wasn't for the fact that i'll never set foot in trust lounge ever again "
barusan kelar ngajar di london school pr , berasa lahir kecepetan , hahaha ...: barusan kelar ngajar di lond ..   '
  nah , era el civil del hermano de un amigo mio , 10 personas en total ajjaja fue un favor , pero las fotos quedaron finas '
rt   : headed 2 a tweetup w /     & yvette . we shall allow the non-twitterer into our gathering / wish i was there .! '
rt   besiji loosening hold on tehran university , if you are there , leave now . '
  '
rt   : joe quesada joins cbr !   '
rt   rt   : absolutely stunning aerial photos from around the world :   '
iphone trend ?jay-z had been killed in a car crash .. so sad   '
sitting here and new on twitter babii '
d_e_l_i_c_i_o_u_s__e_x_o_t_i_c __ p_l_a_y_m_a_t_e   '
the eh ! team '
rt   : please retweet ! vote for bride from tennesssee !!!   '
latest news banks ' net interest margins edge higher   "
is twitter referring more traffic than you think ? | voce ...   '
promises and pearls bridal soiree - san francisco   '
minuto 32 . cienciano le complica la salida a universitario .   '
rt   : turn on abc its obama questions show '
i don \'t wanna be nobody \'s fool , i \'ve played that part so many times before : brandi carlile - "shadow on the wall "   ~90kcw '
rt   : when you're a beautiful person on the inside , there is nothing in the world that can change that about you . ~ sash ... "
rt   : july 3 rd show @ santos , should illy '
stella mccartney's home screening   "
alladin is on tv . "a whole new world " '
says wait wut ?   '
  have fun don't drink to much on the plain . lol "
warning : fake twitter invites carry malicious worm   '
like   said everyone knows each other . coincidence ? doubt it , cuz theirs too many of us that know , or know of each other ... crazy '
generate cash at will using twitter .   '
youtube readying new channel design . online marketers should prepare for switch   '
  i didnt know you had a twitter !!!! hahaha '
  what'd you think of it ? "
  told you it is evil !! ice skating i mean . '
rt   : 11 million copies of safari browser downloaded after 3 days :   '
rt   : : "minds are like parachutes - they only function when open " '
: , 30 () ..   '
  have a look at this . it's a preview of   's book   "
check this video out -- our loved and missing in california   '
headin ' over to have a talk wit marley about switch missin ' her shifts . she gets fired i'm killin ' dash twice tonight . "
i'm feeling surprisingly rested . yayy for that . i even had time to stop and get a drink on the way here . ps i love that girl at speedway "
=ch() 1188 url :   '
if you don't want to hear the answers (what coaches are really thinking ), then don't do those silly interviews ...   "
rt \'d tweet : is it just me , or is anyone else frustrated at the lack of a decent online "what\'s on in ..   '
rt   : "scenes from the white house : welcome to the luau " -   '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   : georgia representative calls global warming fake , gets applause from fellow gopers   '
  ommg !!! why would u do such a thing ???? '
just more followers :   '
  i'm thrilled you're still bumpin ' hip-hop on that island ... "
michael jackson special on tmf ........... check www .tmf.be..... '
  buen viaje !!!!!!!! '
we're nearly half way to our 500 followers . thanks to you all x x remember , 500 th + 2 get free fashion prize !   "
improntu photoshoot : hey guys , friend just got a new car and wanted to do some rolling shots and a lil photoshoot   '
  haha-i knew what u meant ...i lost track & count ...just couldn't believe that the knight bros , rob , ethan , etc . r there too . "
  riky !!!!!! =d aaaaa hoi m castigaron en mate x no saber una operacion sabias k fue tu culpa ??? estaba pensando en thi hahaha '
rt   : help us get 100 new followers by monday-tweet   to win 2 -bumgenius one size fleece & 2 -gro baby shell sets i ... '
i just took the "what my chemical romance member are u ?" quiz and got : mikey way ! try it :   '
  is it wrong of me - or just human nature - that i wish i knew who you were so angry at , and what they have done :o/ '
what has ten dollars done for you lately ? sign up now free !   '
double en-suite room available from july 20 th in a large and nice shared house (all bills included ) (canada wate ..   '
buszkers koksuje sa dowody !!!   '
jryden : 1 st test ride with   today . i'm shocked . almost zero vibration thru bars ! wrists are in disbelief "
rt :   obama considering an executive order allowing indefinite detention .   //voted obama got bush'd "
been offline for a while . working in bucharest ! fun stuff ! '
updated my blog with ringing ears - treatment secrets   '
"the holy shit sound system " is next @ 12 aet . be sure to listen live @   '
street pastors hit night-time pavements across the uk   '
techno tuesday :   '
  <3 '
playing gives you hell (sample) by the all american rejects on   '
  whatsamatta u ? '
  new song song "lust for life ". if you like it . follow me   '
easily digestible : iran's post election uprising in comic form .   "
get allot more followers ! you should check out this site :   '
'
reading : "layer cake by the glamourai " (   ) '
sate ntregi au rmas fr curent azi noapte n urma ploilor care au afectat judeul cluj   '
rt   for cheering "we knew this would happen !" perez expresses his excitement of michael jackson \'s death . '
so now my ocd is making me go through & add all the lyrics of the songs that don't already have them . [cont.] "
rt   : warning : new malware threat in twitters trending topics   (via   and   ) if you get it ... '
ai quando eu jurava que ela tinha ido embora , eu comecei da dar um chilique e ela tava bem atras de mim ... '
anyone got experience with this one ,(http://www.xenocode.com/browsers/) for crossbrowser testing ? does seem to work pretty good for me ! '
() 193 [17:00]: h1n119346   '
einfach genial :) rt   : gib deinen tweets eine persnliche note - sende twitter-sprachnachrichten per telefon   '
is playing golf for the next 3 days . yay ! me time ! '
i just took the "what jonas brother are you most like ??" quiz and got : nick jonas ! try it :   '
  rt freelancesw est es al q hay q seguir !! '
rt   : rt   : we do not remember days ; we remember moments . ~ cesare pavese '
at the park knocking over cubes with sticks . some viking game . hmmm '
shahrukh refuses to step into raj thackeray's shoes | latest ...: copyright 2009 latest bollywood , hollywo ..   "
walgreens reusable shopping bag 3 for $1.00 til 7 /4 limit 6   '
photo : matchu : holy shit ! ohmygosh ! i reallyyyy wanna go there ! i fricken love harry potter . omygod . i just ...   '
rt   : happy birthday svetlana kuznetsova 24 today . she's trailing 1 -4 against sabine lisicki at the moment . big night last night ? "
tote bei bombenanschlag in pakistan   '
  thank you - i really appreciate it ! -   '
066 : welcome to eden lake , lay and rest . beware of splinters - voicemail : 314.266 .7138   '
trademarks being filed on new top level domains   '
pkw-vollgarage 17,95 (855507-5v)   '
has a strong feeling there are no apologies in her immediate future - but there should be . '
rt   aire master is sweeping the franchise industry : if you are looking for a franchise b ..   '
oh dear god i found my roommate on facebook and she is basically my exact opposite . '
  hey ! follow me ;o) '
sempervivum im campanatopf stck 2.99   '
serious question , would you ever marry a centaur ?   (via   ) '
climate change bill to heat up senate   '
sevdai radogoshi humor gzuar 1997 1 nga     '
let's live for today - the grass roots   ~8hled "
fina go to bed holla at yall in da morin '
rt   "cafdirect plans to bring its brand of fair trade to wider audience at home & abroad " in times   '
vescovo richard williamson &#8211; mai dire grande fratello 9 show &#8211; ultima puntata 28 /04/2009: sei l &#82..   '
  welll thennnnnnnn haha '
vanity ... my favorite sin :   '
ebookshop mit 90 hochwertigen ebooks schlsselfertig eingerichtet : ebookshop mit 90 hochwertigen ebooks schlsselfertig e   '
watching   's live weddingstream . is jenny walking down the aisle to van halen ? divorce ad seems premature   "
    '
rt   good readout of dennis ross ' move from iran /state to   nsc   (via   ) "
creating executable jars for your clojure application   '
  a6 lelystad richting muiden : tussen brug almere-stad-west en brug hollandsebrug 2.3 km   '
holy shizzzz ! im terrified of thunder and lightning !! im so scared thank gosh i have my teddy &lt;33 '
pra vocs , do tnis , jogar no terro no tira o glamour do esporte . no futebol , o terro faria bem pro muricy . ia   '
  im in seaattlleee , chillin wit the faamm , but i have a problem with takin showers in showers that aint mine !! lol . where u at '
rt   7 rich & creative user interfaces and how to create your own | noupe   '
report : senator max baucus received more campaign money from ...   '
photo : light breakfast - david sykes   '
cardio pulse wave heart test : what is it measuring ? | supplements blog   '
  the june gloom is almost over . at least you'll be here for the best days of summer in so . cal . try to do something uniquely ca "
cost plus world market is my new obsession . '
maximizing traffic to my sites with   at   '
rt :   : mrmtft '
awww !! rt   sneak peek :   '
rt   viva honduras !!!!!! fuera mel .. ya no sos nuestro presidente .. peace out homie '
  damon is a cutie . dillon is a waste of space . '
it . rt   : ' ' .   , "
how bout dem tigahs !!!!!! '
wake in the morning confident and not troubled by thoughts of what the day may hold for you .   '
dommage que ces offres nes sont pas publies sur   ;-) chablis 1 er cru vaucopins - de 10   rt   '
rt   : this who paying tribute to mj @ thebetawards ?beyoncejayzneyochrisbrownjustintimberlakeusher&the dream prepare 2 b disappointed . '
i've missed you diddy !!! get back to sending the world your positiveness ! rt   : i missed yall !!!!!! 4 real though ! did ya miss me "
rt   graph databases and future of large scale km   similar to the rest view methinks . (via   ) '
  -- you sound like my 16 year old , lol . '
  - um dia desses eu percebi que o fred rodrigues erichsen ! '
rt     cause i love u baybee ! lol !<<<<<<<< dat nigga hit me wit dat zoe ass baybee !!!!! lmao hahahaha '
shares   (my plurk ,follow ya nnt aku follow balik )   '
hey   rt   : missing out on your daily dose of puppies ? here's the prescription :   "
  '
space and time   '
  yeah easier said than done lol . i went to sleep at like 10 one night then 7 the morning after . it never works for me . xd '
i do wanna see it at my windosill .     '
  yep . don't like wh , but ...   "
rt   : 140 //twitter '
chillin at the club revolution with a beautiful lady '
deu uma lombeira agora depois do almoo !! vontade de dormir horrores !! '
hey   well what up bo !!!! sodmg nigga (soulja boy live >   '
jimnez llama a la calma despus de que la oms eleve a pandemia la ...: fuente : cadena serla ministra ..   '
rt   : happy fathers day to all fathers - i suggest pairing this day with a good zinfandel . <i like how you think ! '
looks like we missed all the excitement in jax by a few days !   with photos and videos at the bottom '
httpbuilder unit test was run on sat jun 13 14 :31:18 edt 2009 '
looking forward to reading   's series on couchdb (pt 1 :   "
mediafire .com php clone script   '
lunchtime links 6 -16   '
podcast ep .18 - batalha de geeks 2 ! no ar !!! diego vs pablo do   ...   '
  whas goin on ? how are ya ?? '
it's a bit hurtful when someone asks for something you could easily give , but because of your responsibility you have to say no . "
koolie temperament - australian koolie   '
- dear old southland   ~8yx7h '
  happy bday my brother 27 again lol '
rt   : cnn anchor goes in on kkk for distributing hate material ...   '
nick swisher needs to pick up a copy of "baseball for dummies ". '
irre was in d alles luft :   '
rt   : rt   : rt   : soul sparkle greeting         thxs '
seol ki-hyeon / south korea international to try again with fulham   '
yes i finally got right tonight with my movie !!!!   '
rt 3 days to go !!! come on fans - follow   '
rt   flight 815 in macworld magazine   '
rt   : iran's revotionary guard directly threatenstwitterers , warns of retribution if they continue tweeting .   "
  vinnie and his merch girl , the cf !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! '
what the eff . my dan just hung up on me !!! '
  word aan gewerkt '
what it do ? rt : got a question man get at me when ya got time (via   ) '
funeral flowers for memorial oaks chapel or memorial oaks funeral home , houston tx   '
just got of the elavator ....yessss!!!..im a chicken on elevators lol '
rt :   : court : calif . library cant ban meetings it labels religious services   '
  no d pra ouvir   o tempo todo . mas eles sao bem melhores que jb . admito '
amazon top tweets jun 13, 2009   '
  t aqui , mas tb tranca :/   '
to spend money on securing the rights for a mediocre design and then looking for a better one , is probably the wrong order '
rt   "tinyjs is a site for small , specific library plugins that do one thing well "   '
forex megadroid robot .   by inchico 275 18 :02:37 '
wow .   '
offline for the next two days ...lake balaton , here i cooooome ! '
rt   : do the right thing 20 th : 7 /11 in atl @ fox tix + info on atl film fest "backstage" fundraiser :   '
  nykp gue juga haha terus gmn ? selasa pada msk kan ?   '
damn ... we have an understanding now , we're at that nice stage where we don't need to say much to know wh ..   "
getting ready to leave for the 24 h ' race .. gonna be nice to watch , not all 24 h of course ... :) "
rt   : aisea tamani and friends 8 :30 tonight at the abbey on mission st . great free show ! '
rt   : what pesticides are on your food ? new search tool by pesticide action network   '
link : listening to "all of me - sarah vaughan " - sarah vaughan // all of me // sassy swings the tivoli (live)   '
discussing life with my bros n sis while watching spongebob .. priceless .. '
if a hundred-foot oak tree had the mind of a human , it would only grow to be ten feet tall ! - t harvy eker secrets of the millionaire mind '
photo : (via blurredvision )   '
book review : grape man of texas by sherrie mcleroy and roy renfro ...: book review : grape man of texas by sherri ..   '
former cleveland browns great jim brown says donte ' stallworth may ...   "
  pic from shoot today .. a very cute clown on rollerskates (via   ) still , wtf , i don't get clown porn (o.o) "
rt   - acho encantador o trabalhoarte de paulo vergueiro www .paulovergueiro.blogspot.com - e vem site novo por a '
gallery of 3 d elements in web design   '
2009 fbfund winner samasource gives work , not aid -   '
ya vieron   mantente informado de los twitteos de todo el mundo '
hare krsna - a video to promote religious tolerance in malaysia : citizen journalists of malaysia focus on religi ..   '
so the reality of it all just hit me . the essay will be over in a few hours . by tomorrow i'll know if i'm getting the diploma . wow . "
adooooh   jadi pengen fuyunghai !!! '
had a blast back home . i had the opportunity to catch up with a lot of friends . congrats to liz for graduating ! '
my dad just told me not to get on the internet on my ipod anymore because everytime i do someone dies . '
$125 guaranteed in 24 hours !   '
old fav !!!! pap rouch - last resort !   ~8jl73 '
sign up free and get 400 followers a day using   '
sachsen . mittel . neue bnke im plattenbaugebiet mit ketten gesichert   '
rt   : financial reporting deadline today ! i need your help to surpass our goal . let's take augusta back :   "
rt   alles wat er mis is met de npo in 3 min .   '
  yeeee ! '
back from brooklyn and the broken train '
when did it become so hard to find some ginger ale in this town . '
yessssss a bed woot woot ..this pillow top mattress is da bomb bomb mannnnnn ! '
rt   : sweeping out containers - making sure they're all spic and span . <--- a great local business in the heart of lincoln "
  pair up burton & lynch ? call it beetle juice peaks .... '
how to tape your hands before kettlebells .   '
wendys asian chicken salad , bear claws and skittles . rt   : rt   - top 3 munchies to satisfy ...discuss. '
rt   : "misery no longer loves company . nowadays it insists on it ." - russell baker   '
& who found you those kickin ' yellow pants ? :) rt   i would like to thank target , wal-mart and h &m for my outfit this morning . "
  '
rt   : blog spam : 21 st first conference - day 1   '
  not nice robby !!!!! '
rt email : "@becarol   quero um pra mim !" meo , me d dois ! como fas ? '
  thx 4 rt on nyc artist who creates art out of legos ~   i think the cello is the coolest . '
lissabon-urteil - faz - frankfurter allgemeine zeitung   '
noch 2 tage ! dann ist sozialer tag   '
rt   : are the wheels coming off of formula one ? |   (sadface) '
    - i love manila too . i use to live there . i seriosuly hope that you could stay until like sunday so ... '
ianalyse 3 pro : a tool for music analysis   '
the "hate crimes " bill will take away our religious freedoms   '
  yeah i am !! '
rt   :   iphone 3.0 likely to be released at 1 pm est :   . thanks !! '
my daily twittascope -   '
back in the uk '
rt   :   '
facebook playing catch-up with twitter , the "to everyone post ":...   '
[poppo] mac book -   '
rt   : pray 4 me . i will b preaching a funeral 4 an unchurched family @ 11 am today . (via   ) '
busy evening ahead ! '
  i \'m a have to jack that headphone heiroglyphic pretty slick ...d(-_-) slum village "things we do " '
rt   : :   '
memories of stonewall are still alive : a bartender who was slinging drinks at the stonewall inn the night it was ..   '
  gute frage , das erschliet sich mir auch nicht . '
my parents are just turning the ac on !!! '
you texting addicts out there need to stop . worse reactions than drunk drivers . is your message really worth a life ?   '
'
wildlife - "sea dreamer ": djfd : nice mix of shoegaze pounding with a dash of modest mouse   '
new blog post : coping with bereavement ; is there anything which can help ?   '
lmfao ! rt   just when maddie thought she was safe in heaven '
  or "eat the ass end out of a low flying goose !" '
rt from iran we can't stress this enough , multiple sources confirm : basij are at hospitals . go 2 embassies "
hi .... '
  - brrrrrrrrrrr !!!!!!! '
corporate amnesia ? evernote for iphone may have the cure   '
  yeah i could help   out a lot !!! got alot of experience lol '
time to start chemistry 2 this week ... yuck !! '
ih caramba , agora que heroes vai pro saco mesmo ! rt   : "brian fuller est fora de heroes "   '
psh ...silly. rt   : hi ' i understand . but you could go twice you know ;) *kayg* "
new blog post : winco id acquires tema solutions   via   '
mas no acho correto , ele que criou o batman n ? '
bestest ...nap...ever!: "this picture was taken in katmai national park in alaska ," says photographer tom savag ..   '
rt   : bbc correspondent in tehran is expelled from country   (via   ) '
i'm trying to make it through the last three days with students without loosing my mind or too many homicidal thoughts . it's rough . "
rt   : like embroidery ? like librarians ? click here :   '
destructing * ...hey what can i say , its late ! '
rt   : rt   ther is no greatr animal welfare force than collective efforts of local hs's nationwide .not hsus .not aspca "
is michael jackson the greatest artist of all time -   '
  active '
rt   : rt get twitter alerts when international space station (iss) will be passing over your location   (via   ) '
running on empty : hypermiling leads to nascar victory ...: nineteen-year-old joey logan coasted , literally , to v ..   '
i love the new new york times reader - it's so awesome , just like a digital version of real newspaper .   "
  : sadly this is how dead celebrities are reported   '
we jus did-it ! gym '
black-hat , grey-hat , white-hat - what's the best way to make money online on autopilot ?   "
'
walkout stops mps voting on bill   '
rt   : protestors have scattered amid the tough govt crackdown . mousavi says will seek approval for future protests . '
2 quick questions for charlie manuel -   '
  check this video out -- 50 cent-before i self destruct - up and away , remix   '
  i love that show ! '
an arab "poetry idol " brings emerging poets mass appeal   '
rt   : man ive been up for damn near 4 our 8 ightx hours in mia just chill'n wit umbrellas in ma drink j /k lol "
rt   : long read but worth it 4 sure ! michael jackson was innocent of molestation charges ! ~~>>http://tinyurl.com/lhggmq '
newnownext awards 2009 are tonight : where britney spears will be honored with the always next , forever now award ..   '
yale fight for van gogh &#39;s &#39;night cafe &#39; may open more battles   '
    cos he thinks it's shit , and i agree . arf :-) "
day 2 of the complete redesigning and coding of the next version of my site . i have code coming out of my ears . '
wide pants w belts , love red top !   '
it's   happy to be dj'ing at the eighth dimension party ! -   "
rt   microsoft sees your tweets , but it's not fixing outlook   (via   ) "
  cause he's ben lol "
rt   : reports that mousavi has been arrested in iran   via     '
  wow haha i hope you don't lose .... "
rt     pls do this & rt : tell us worst gift you ever got & a child gets a new book .   '
  aw , lay off poor old primeval ! (er, yes , that's what they're doing , aren't they ...) "
rt   if someone stole your business url on facebook , file this form :   '
rt   : fsa k-force 31440 mm fsa os 99 -csi31 110 mm colnago 31.6 2009 '
moradores de comunidades com polcia pacificadora vivem novas ... - g1 .com.br: moradores de comunidades com pol ..   '
wow !!! the real ladygaga is following me ;d '
working ... '
report : times co . will take bids to sell globe -   - action 2 news reports '
  a era do gelo 3 bom mesmo ? '
kavala's weather condition at 00 :00 21.3 c 78 pct 0.0 km /h from nne - for more visit   "
rt   : peaceful tokyo turned into a battlefield ! people fighting for balls . presented ball to ayumi hamasaki ! amazing ! '
the next rcs restaurant bootcamp : restaurant profitability june 22 nd & 23 rd   '
happy birthday drew ! thanks for wearing the crown ! you look like a sexy birthday prince ! '
  ooc : you must be thrilled x_x '
new post on sirius forex trading :: sirius forex trading group you can find it here   '
rt   :   i get in at 2 :25pm friday and leave monday morning bright and early cali ? '
  well i gotta work so unless its at 6 i aint me lol '
all star statewide sponsor rick taylor speaks about how he and his wife step up to the plate !   '
literary lesson : authors , poets write the news ? forward .com   '
in die pedale treten erlebnistag "nahe hit - radl mit " bietet ... - bad kreuznacher anzeiger   '
is back from the mall . =3 '
  hi how's the world treatin "
rt   : we have addtl "attitude is everything " martyr guard shirts for $20. see the website for pics & contact   to order . '
rt   : dns : dnsdomain name systemipdns .. http :// ... '
  what if there isn't enough room for full rt ? that's why i cut some words from you yesterday . link + attribution most important ? "
reading : "not only was steve jobs sick , he had a liver transplant ." (http://bit.ly/pt4p1) '
videos gay extrait gratuit   '
rt   : www .theimmortalicemen.com in fashion forty heavy !!! wit   . great look !!! new york bosses getting it in !!! '
  - my view at the moment .......god i'm bored ! "
michael jacksons tod erschttert das internet   '
stewart 'apologizes' to gov . sanford   "
rt   : for those inside iran , please understand hashtag is now being used by govt to locate individuals . '
rt shoot for the moon . even if you miss it you will land among the stars . ~ lester louis brown '
vou nessa , flw ai galera boa noite ! '
painted mercedes cls w219 trunk lip spoiler 2004 -2009 : 49.99 end date : wednesday jul -..   '
i just took the "what mcfly album represents you ?" quiz and got : radio :active! try it :   '
rt   : mcclatchy newspapers : police beat protesters in tehran streets in the worst political violence in more than a decade . '
24 season 7 . just when you think it cannot get any better it does . '
"don\'t let the fear of striking out hold you back ." -babe ruth   '
madoff a crook , should go to jail . that white-collar focus has supplanted heinous crimes (murder, rape , etc ) reflects current moral compass . '
7 meses depois .   ~86igk '
i heart clerks !!! '
borat movie : guardian .co.ukla toya jackson scene removed from `bruno' moviethe associated pressjackson arr ..   "
2 () '
im such an idiot . '
let him know that i had a bad feeling about him going out he just got a new car , working ,school etc he was headed for success wtf i'm sick .. "
saving cheetahs : foundation focuses on breeding , education - colorado springs gazette   '
dica de filme : antes de partir '
i just become a member of this awesome site that gets you tons of followers :   '
just spent $273.97 on drjays .com... thats like 140 on clothes ! lol '
ozzysan ""   '
  cada quien sus gustos ... a ti te gusta heroes y ami 31 minutos ;d '
rt   : to all the ones that sent me a messages , thank you for letting me follow you god bless you all . ---same here ! '
benefit concert for horses rescue   '
damn people bring too much shit on planes . almost didn \'t get on due to a "weight and balance " issue '
my daily twittascope -   '
for   '
fake twitter invites extreem   or   or   '
rt   : how twitter is changing the world of professional poker   '
rt     corta a lingua deleeeeeeeeeeean [3] '
hey   diddy hell no t-shirts   (ptwittytv live >   '
recently snapped picture   '
up ! filmes : flame .and.citron.limited.dvdrip.xvid-dmt   '
300 new followers in a day - totally free - no sale -   '
  and i am in sf !! lol bad timing '
rt   : over the top wacko-ism : humane society university   (via   ) '
wk 3 of wreck this journal + my 200 th blog post + my first vlog = awesomeness   '
rt   police throw tear gas and beat students in dorm at tehran university   '
i uploaded a youtube video -- www .naplesrealestateseller.com presents grey oaks estate homes naples fl ...   '
download game para pc spore : galactic adventures (2009/multi16/add-on)   '
using social media to promote my business google friend connect posted by : juhani tontti -   '
reading : "mosaica app creates panorams on iphone | vizworld .com" (http://twitthis.com/c5h57i) '
homens de moto assaltam panificao no santa lcia   '
rt   : ricardo neves > porto digital , recife - melhor exemplo de vanguarda no brasil da sociedade do conhecimento :   '
click play to see an example of what you can do to make $110,324 per month !   '
  - ontem as 18 :00. porque voltei pro trabalho ? '
mosnar communications , inc . public relations blog : luxury 50 top ...   '
rt song from johnny for neda rt   : this song is 4 neda , r .i.p (youtube)   (via   ) '
nice meeting you at the tweet up ! *grindin* get it gurl ! rt   : i need this day to be over .... '
cheap review t-mobile htc mda 8125 pda gsm smart phone 5565   '
students eagerly pursue new technology challenges : piqua - this week , kids were launching rockets , flying planes ..   '
sitting at home chilling and mad about michal jackson dieing ...!! '
shake it , metro station '
  hi silvia i have a question '
jaime : curi ? / ju +carol: caree !!! '
only 9 hours left to vote !   please rt '
pic of the day : jordan pond and the bubbles from pond house lawn , acadia national park , me   '
i think i would like to hang out with chad vader . '
joo isidoro exige medidas compensatrias para os profissionais de txi - lder do mpt-m pede diminuio de impo ..   '
ain num vejo a hora das frias chegarem preciso dar um tempo pra minha cabea e pra mim msm '
rt   : rt   : twitter contest ...rt to win a free diaper clutch ! ends today ! need 100 rt's !   "
    '
  have a safe trip to sf ! :] ill misss ya for 3 days ! '
billy joel and wife katie lee split : billy joel and his young wife katie lee have decided to separate . their re ..   '
rt video from     let there be no mistake - americans are with you ! '
get 100 followers a day using   '
thank you all my new followers '
  no its not too good is it x '
  zo gecondoleerd met het verlies van je held ..... '
my daily twittascope -   '
acabo de escribir un poema llamado mi eleccin que detalla los pasos a dar en mi futuro . se puede leer en www .samuelakinin.ning.com '
blog : liberty bell hooks up the homeless with voice mail : denvers homeless population has access to free v ..   '
rip farah fawcett . :( '
twitter inspires book to retell classics in 'tweets' : twitter has inspired a new book which will retell some of ..   "
  sorry i didnt anwered before , i was sick :( i write when im bored but sometimes my stuff are stupid xd im fine and you ? '
worried maharashtra cabinet discusses fallout of 26 /11 report   '
is home eating taco bueno getting ready to head to the studio '
rt   i remember when "i love you " was said with meanin \' and not just said for the sake of it :)" amen ! :) '
  i used to work near hello . i've heard good things about gtown cupcake too but just haven't gotten there . "
rt   : eddie amador - underground club fg download :   '
estou adorando esta onda de gibis teens ! agora foi a vez da luluzinha :   '
neda soltani - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia   '
hauritz has a horrid day : australia's ashes plans were put in a spin by nathan hauritz's horror show   "
nowe transformersy -   '
crooked pitch twitter updates for 2009 -06-19   '
  i nearly shat myself when the jurassic park dude first sees his eyeless wife . '
rt   gov sanford is one lucky sob . '
"it is better to create than to be learned ; creating is the true essence of life ." barthold georg niebuhr   '
rt   woah , google car drops some bad acid !   '
  why so serious '
kuca .su: - , , ? - -. - , ..   '
omg i can hardly choose   1 .don't stop till you get enuff 2 .beat it and ofcourse 3 .rock with you !! lovvve those and so manny more !&lt;3 "
  me too i didnt buy them either '
rt                 '
oh wait , i `m not posting an album ...yet. i `m just editing photos to post in tumblr ! i &lt;3 tumblr . '
rt   : shame on u taurus , wa 185 wol at kirkland costco parking lot , lving 4 dogs in car ! that's abuse .   "
im h0rny & curious !!i doing n .a.s.t.y things !   '
utility to sync profile pictures with entries in mac os x address book   (via   ) '
400 followers a day - ride the twitter train - free -   '
reading : " master 60 \' - no .332 twitter " (   ) '
  - andy graduated wtf lol '
#1 free secret : this is the first free secret to generating leads . video #1 will be here . the prospect will con ..   '
  good morning ! lol '
mix '
photo : suyhnc :   '
rt   : i speak for mousavi . and iran | mohsen makhmalbaf | the guardian   (via   ) '
  yup yup i'm plannin on comin through tonight "
rt   : to easily experience soul , find something you love to do and immerse yourself in it . '
good morning all my lovelies '
seeka can be quite the blocker ! '
rt   : listening to tiny ,ti's wife , baby momma whatever .. literacy !! fundamental !!! "
rats nest - episode 19 7   '
mornin folks , busy day of work . wouldn't mind hitting the links tonight , beautiful day "
why does everyone hate the ymca at yankee stadium ?! i love it and way better than "sweet caroline " at fenway and shea ! '
i just took the "are you crazy ?" quiz and got : your sweeet and shyy ! try it :   '
  hehe , yup .. great movie and super worth it !! '
  tt '
  great post . i have been struggling with this myself . but maybe i am just a bad "networker." '
trying to madly throw in the plants that have been begging to be planted . garden looks amazing now that chickweed has been cleared away . '
  fuck the poe-leece ! '
  : you are such a good baptist boy ! i recognize all three of those hymns ....and all three hold special meaning for my life too .. '
wow ! i just reached 107 followers ! hi everyone ! '
manalapan day was a great time ...even in the rain . did baby baby laura show up ? find out monday night at 11 . '
live mma tonight !   '
agreed !! rt   it's never good to say u have a type and by the way it's nor u jillian "
home business opportunities : where marketing is king : similarly , internet-based home business opportunities will ..   '
rt     thanks for the follow , i see you are a photographer and you shoot with canon too :) '
raw video of rpattz mobbed by girls on streets of nyc - one girl wants to tackle him   '
just changed my twitter background , check it out ! found it at   '
    - cute !!! =) '
  - at work playin on the wii '
taco bell franchisees win case over 2006 e . coli outbreak : tainted lettuce that sickened more ..   '
rt   : i never get tired of this !   '
hoje dia de sof ! '
question 4, part 3 : do you post tech scores weekly ? monthly ? or do you share only with each tech ? do you use software or keep a manual log ? '
good to see the amateurs playing well '
oua e reze com anete farias ao vivo , o tero da misericrdia   '
  what event ? '
: , , "" . ,..   '
  that \'s the one problem to which the stereotypical british solution ("have some tea ") doesn \'t apply . '
rt   : rt   : rt   : rt   rt   : black embarrassment television . '
  iphone for smart ? jailbroken ba iphone mo ? :p '
  thanks for the rt , hahah . i couldn't believe it when i saw that . i just stood there looking dumbfounded . seriously what the hell ! "
being back home sucks . i just heard my world of warcraft-loving dad begin a sentence with "in regards to enchantments ..." '
  this is such an awesome picture -   - getting ready to go for a walk - i found my bosox cap !! '
rt - 200 new followers in a day -   follow friday '
i'm submitting my web site free to be exposed to 800,000 + unique visitors ! 100 % free !   "
and by "you," i mean o theos of the comics world . '
  excellent v .o. acting for moon , sir . certainly enters the rare lexicon of mechanical characters i felt something about . '
  wat u doin frankelitoooooooo '
    - wow i dont know what to say i cant stop looking at it . i just want to touch it '
smac - popcorn , baseball bats and hunter pence   '
onto my sites ...come see what fill my mornings , check out ...http://cheerbear.webs.com/ '
recommended   to   'he gets twitter : he sees its utility for media organizations , and can give concr ...'   "
rt   : rt   ...navigation should be natural , almost subconscious . an immediate understanding of it . '
i just got 11 hrs of sleep because i went to bed @ 9 :30pm. and i still feel tired and like i wanna sleep . wtf ? '
lalala men these days dnt know what they want to do .....but whatever '
i just took the "what phone are you ??" quiz and got : iphone ! try it :   '
the winoms cs v8 .1 webinar registration is now open ! please sign up to get the details on the software update .   '
    on est 2 a avoir une wii , encore merci :) '
i fucking hate twitter its fucking gay as fucking hell im no asshole like the rest of yall sons of bitches out in the twitter universe !!!!!! '
visit my blog for some tasty tidbits of the moment ;d   '
hgss addition : notched ear pichu joins your team at the pichu event in ilex forest   '
rt   : two adorable kittens looking for forever homes ! please rt   '
rt :   : hop , une 'tite exclu sur ecrans : audrey pulvar quitte france 3 pour i-tl   "
7 '
nordqvist leads lpga championship : mostly cloudy . temp : 63.0 f (17.2 c ). more weather . reno tahoe international ..   '
  hmm , nu pabandom ;) k , kaip grau bna su tom baidarm plaukiant -   '
back in time : great visualisation "walled in ! 3 d-animation of germanys inner border .     '
just reduced ! 8821 twin oaks drive , jonesboro . a nice all brick 3 /2.   '
i just took the "which mcfly member are you most like ?" quiz and got : dougie poynter ! try it :   '
  chellezz , we qotta qet it smackin on twitter !! '
rt   : looking for a contract copy editor for 3 mths with newspaper skills and english grammar knowledge in the ne area . please rt . '
no plans for an american at this time though , so , don't worry . "
rt   : wow , murphy-goode winery (@areallygoodjob) just screwed   (even though he won most votes )   '
rt   "aber hier leben , nein danke !" '
why a chrysler lemon + bankruptcy = sucks to be you :   (via   ) '
new blog post : american indian art auctions : beadwork   '
rt   '
rt   : ..please rt   and   & this hashtag '
    - look at those baby blues . '
'
chilling in my sofa like every sunday moring '
just trying 960 gridder : awesome !! the module i was looking for thx drupal developers , need rt   '
rt   : apparently there is running battles in tehran uni right now . i can hear shooting on the phone line . '
rdekes fot : kini :   '
rt   please follow   - they just launched their twitter page account   '
i just become a member of this awesome site that gets you tons of followers :   '
hermitage trekt 15.000 bezoekers : amsterdam ruim vijftienduizend mensen hebben dit weekend een bezoek gebracht a ..   '
rt   : they get a list of the aurto follows and then publish that list to who will pay for it . don't use auto follow ! "
h .w's h .w   "
    you gotta read my blog and the post regarding the man of my life - he is awesome :   '
rt   brian : ...could strengthen into 1 st storm of season . watch it closely in swfl ! either way , looks wet next week ... '
peep this : technics 1200 mk5 's and pioneer mixer (los angeles ) $950   "
i have a case of the tuesdays '
check this out , this is funny .   '
hi checkout my sexy pics at   .. (you must register first ) '
at first holly was disgusted by it , but really turned on by it all ! so she started undressing , and getting hornier as   '
rt   :   modx is the cms with wow effect . it is as simple as high flexible and it offers a friendly community that really ... '
omg transformers 2 is the best moviee everr . i am definetly buying it . ohhhh yea !   '
book recommendation : the normal christian life by watchman nee   '
in bed , so exhausted . just realized family is pretty much going to be my 24 /7 until after the 4 th of july . '
acho que vo dormi ;p '
freelance jobs ! ((need verified ebay seller account )) by amrik 32   '
  lmao do you not like star trek ? talk to you when you get back !!! hehe '
just bleached my kitchen ! yay ! but today is dumb and i don't want it anymore ... "
  ,~ 2009 -06-22 08 :38:23 '
  that is hilarious . '
rt   : 30 html best practices for beginners : nettuts +   '
rt   "only those who have learned a lot are in a position to admit how little they know ." -l. carte '
novartis gets the win for first swine flu vaccine . '
rt   : rt   : fiy : demonoid registration is open right now ! ;) - nice ... anyone that hasn't do it ! "
rt   : healthy youth act up in the senate today ! 11 :00 follow our live tweet or listen   '
  rt check out this tribute to mj feat diddy , game , chris brown , polo , mario winans boyz ii men   thank you ! '
  are u friends with your castmates outside of filming ? '
do you love yellow ?   '
  don't have a tattoo . currently . but if i did , lower back fo sho :) "
  ey whats up '
hollywood : goodbye , michael jackson   '
skyway robbery ...airline baggage fees on top of fees . maybe a service charge for collecting the fee itself ?   '
just arrived at london waterloo for day two of the hd masters conference . i wonder if they will keep to time today , not likely ! '
rt skating down the corridors of power !   you are the man   skates the halls of the white house   '
  do work !! congrats !! '
hey   tricloooor poorra !!!!!! *o* issae du (bandaetna live &gt;   '
media protest : translation of armans post yesterday , june 24, journalists of independent newspapers , medi ..   '
:   '
great name ! :) rt   got a new portrait commission today ! an adorable jack russell terrier named murphy brown . '
rt   : conflict cannot survive without your participation ... '
disregard for me only srryhttp ://bit.ly/hnwze '
  u could say its a classic movie :) probably   '
  - i took my dog for a cool refreshing swim ...and she gave me a raspberry ... '
heroes of telara developer working on two new mmos - mmorpg news ...   '
  oh dude , that's horrible . but in india , it's entirely acceptable practice unfortunately . "
"pirataria" atacar navios com armas e matar pessoas = maldade "compartilhar" um com os outros = direito constitucional '
one piece homenageia michael jackson .   '
i just took the "are you emo ??" quiz and got : your a total emo !!! try it :   '
u know jojo ericka '
t com celular de novo ! aeeeee '
jesus nego ! '
100 open technology courses you should have taken in college | online universities .com   '
rt   amnesty international reports on fears that opposition leaders face torture in iran   '
rt   : we provide a mobile hiv testing service . what does that mean ? call us at 877 -411-tkno and we will come to you . it's that simple . "
  you and mr .russell would get along , he camps out for iphones just to pull em apart ...anyway back to watching cartoons . -f '
.. . .. ue700 '
'fordfender' has reached milestone of 200   "
  american tweeter urges an israeli nuke on islamic cleric '
american airlines begins &#39;nyc challenge 10000 &#39; campaign on facebook   '
is still sick . what a great way to start the summer , eh ? :( '
  he landed !   '
rode 2 ponies today , since my horse took his shoe off again , then went shopping , overall a good day '
very cool ... rt   interview : jack conte , internet musician   '
fails at studying spanish , i never realized how terrible at spanish i am until now '
video : lady gaga - poker face (orchestra) (via anwashere )   '
  yeah like my friend will write on her bf \'s wall saying "happy _ months " it \'s like ok didn \'t you txt /call/see each other already ? '
i'm getting this wonderful software that will enable me build a large following   "
rt   donate $10 to www .redlightchildren.org & enter to win a   handbag used by blair & jenny please rt '
    - tasteful ... u did that !! thumbs up ... '
they still play blow the whistle in the club ...lemme blast country grammar so   will feel @ home '
my sweet niece performing "picking apples " at her chinese folk dance concert today .   '
still at work suppose to be off at 3 now locked in till 11 great '
new blog post : ea - battlefiel heroes als kostenloser download   '
found jojo the who's voice attractive . turns out it's jesse mccartney's . and they sang finn's song from ! must see pilot again ! "
rt   wingnuts and msm struggle for relevancy by going crazy about huffpo getting question @ presser . bunch of whiners . '
australia movie => jackson items fetch $205,000 in sale , top estimates movie review : transformers :   '
in only a month , i become sick of korean food now '
list of embassy wh accept injures please spread   '
  google speed tips get picked apart   '
rt : calls 4 rally on wed starting   .30 baharestan sq & vanak /tajrish/ sadeghieh / sqs in 2 more points tba   '
gmailin ek snr 25 mbye kt   '
would like to thank all those who came to celebrate our 100 th anniv this weekend . praise be to god . follow on   '
omg , people are freaking crazy   '
treffen sie bearingpoint deutschland am 23 . - 25 . juni 2009 auf der ikom , tu mnchen   '
totally inspired me :) rt   : i believe when u find the right person , "i love life ", and " my love life " become intertwined . '
white pretty blonde 17 years old seeking dirty chat this evening   '
yerkes researchers identify parallel mechanism monkeys and humans use to recognize faces : researchers at the yer ..   '
  alrighty '
prove to me that mikes no fool walk across my swimming pool . '
super tired ! probably going to sit around and do nothing all day =] '
millor rt :   : um mestre em 140 caracteres   '
twitter 2 twittergihyo .jp   (via   ) '
it's time i got back to the good life - i don't even know how i got off the track - i want to go back , yeah - screw this crap , i've had it !! "
is loving her blackberry !! :) '
i need a nap now . i have been smote by accounting quagmire . grrrr . how to fix without screwing something else up . hmmmmmmmm '
  life is serius   '
rt   : hey , there seems to be growing dissat among iphone developers :   '
worsfold to decide on new contract : west coast coach john worsfold has been offered a new contract with the eagl ..   '
rt   : diddy is such a camera ho ... '
when i die i'm not going to heaven . and not even hell . i'm going to las vegas baby . "
tip van de dag @ app store :   '
rt   : before marriage , a man yearns for the woman he loves . after marriage , the 'y' becomes silent ;-) "
rt   : "to dream of the person you would like to be is to waste the person you are " ~ sholem asch '
burned my finger with oil about an hour ago ..still hurts '
hahaha '
tehran mousavi iran neda - send an anonymous email by using this ... -   '
ser que vou hje no churras ? (preciso estudar !) '
rt   : free iphone game time ! remember archon ? it's on iphone now :   3 random rts get a promo code for the game . "
rt   www .backtoblackvinyl.com basicamente um "site de motivao ", onde os compradores tambm adquirem os mp3 dos discos que compram '
rt   :   i meant to say this earlier but i wasn't online ... happy bir'day ! "
today turned into a whirlwind of frenzied cleaning . i feel good . '
a vienintelis bookmarkinu blogoramas , kurias patenku ? gana domus usimimas vakarais :). va manosios :   '
hbr customers today in the zombieconomy : psst want to know why our capital markets don't wo ..   "
jones , the movie was fantastic !! '
hey   soulja im shocked u aint got the mucnhies ? lmao (soulja boy live >   '
  - eek ! slug on fence ! '
rt   : when u try to holla at the drive thru lady at jack every fri nite after the club 4 the last 2 years lol '
going to the beach , it's actually sunny . kinda want to go home ... "
i just took the "which nkotb would marry you ?" quiz and got : danny ! try it :   '
wall street begins campaign to thwart populist overreaction   '
rt   dear wanna-bes , ur twitter stardom is coming 2 an end   (auto-friending clampdown ) ag : about ... (via   ) '
testing out the new tweetdeck for iphone it works great '
link not showing up for some reason . go to ultrasupernew .com and click "who" to see what i mean . '
you're my you . "
  why are you a horrible person ? :( '
miley cyrus has &#39;reconnected&#39; with nick jonas | miley cyrus source : we are in no way association with mi ..   '
i \'ll save you the trouble . that last tweet was : "binary turns me 1 " '
  lol i chose to tasks at work and i where you work at ? '
  not sure , i'm afraid . i'll ask the guys at work tomorrow . if anyone knows , they will :) "
iams natural dog food any good   '
neden oyun oynuyoruz ?   '
my daily twittascope -   '
everything weight : drugs for weight loss part 1   '
  '
is thinking how to reel in her turkish delight . '
[middle east news ] extreme rightists hang 'obama hates jews ' posters along highway 1   "
is feeling a bit overwhelmed with the nonprofit websites ' longggg todo lists this weekend , as a volunteer ..send donuts !! :-) "
picadura de la cobra gay   '
news update : augusta area police log   '
anonymous adresses iran .   rt '
says yay !!! naruto manga update !!!!!! (dance) (headspin) (banana_rock)   '
hello uploaded some revealing pictures at   .. (you must register first ) '
designer on angelina jolie snafu : 'i hung up on her twice !' - nbc washington designer on angelina jolie snafu : 'i hun ..   "
  crazy how the early show tried to harp on all his negative issues , i tip this hat i am wearing in my pic to you ! u stepped up ! '
  satellite radio can pause and replay . of course , no local stations . '
rt   winner & flanagan v . aponte ; aponte moves to dismiss lawsuit , all papers on line at nysenate .gov   '
  ohhhh yeahhhh baby , nice and soft .... '
diy - make a g-meter for your car in 1 minute !   '
gaming beta testers wanted ! - (work from home ) <<software/qa/dba/etc improve your feed   '
rt tpirhost my new term for having sex : "hiking the appalachian trail " '
  muy buen disco chicos ! muy potente ! enhorabuena ! =) '
  please ask your guest what would have been the diffrence in dealing w / nuclear weapons had the opposition leader been elected ? '
godwin grech 'a coalition mole ' for years   "
schedule /results for mon , june 15 : no games scheduled .   '
here at eye doctor   '
  i know right . some of us matured post high school . '
this one has another potential for another run . could sink a little lower though . has been fairly de ..   '
dad failed his hearing test again with aides -we're all bummed as he can't get the job if he can't pass . send him a text soon 2 cheer him up "
  hybrid dogs , poll , here's frenchie comment   "
i just took the "which jonas is yours !?" quiz and got : joe !! try it :   '
    - and some people thought 'there goes the neighborhood ' when obama got elected ... "
lol !? rt :   : teen wolf remake ?   '
quatrime licence 3 g : un droit d'entre 240 millions d'euros : la commission des participations et transferts ,..   "
el reg - tories don black cap for id cards : think before you sign , contractors told the tory party has w ..   '
diet detective : latin american foods : are they healthy ? | kval cbs ...: june 26, 2009 . - eugene , oregon . advance ..   '
no man can deliver the goods if his heart is heavier than his load - frank irving fletcher '
rt :   patent leather jackets are about to make a super come back ! '
life in dubai : the end of another dubai tradition ?   full   '
  - '
tengo hambre '
night night '
  as does ours '
gregory sedoc loopt de estafette in berlijn   '
just in case you forgot ...: submitted by hal _9000 to worldnews [link] [0 comments ]   '
plz follow my mom   she's very new 2 twitter ! loves here 3 chihuahuas ! here's 1 .   "
      '
please do not lose sight of right now . they need us , they need our voice . keep at the top . please rt '
rt   : "if you can speak what you will never hear , if you can write what you will never read , you have done rare things ." - thoreau '
rt   : lschallenge is here ! fisher pavilion seattle center today 9 -5 to register   kick cancer's butt ! "
    - this was a top notch episode i love it so much ! this will be in the top 10 most funny episodes of ic ... '
  thank you honey i really appreciate it   '
check this out : zebra phone case cover +lcd protector for lg cu920 vu   '
rt   : manchester united today confirmed that carlos tevez is to leave old trafford .   '
  event :http://bit.ly/atlal '
black altima (bellflower) $3995   '
this catfish piece is about as big as flounder ! r .i.my tummy '
its a bratwurst kind of night . waitaminnit ....these are made of turkey . who the hell is responsible for this nonsense ? '
today's frugal idea : in praise of hamburger : i was raised on hamburger . my parents were on ..   "
you'll be fine my lad . =)   "
blue ridge sunset : the sun setting over the blue ridge mountains near jefferson , nc in september 2008 .   '
stupid ass youtube is down right now ugh !!! '
  pues si as fuera bien , pero ni eso logro conectar , simplemente no detectan dispositivos . ademas , tiene fm pero esta deactivated =( '
  you went ??? that is so unfair !! i wanted go badly , but noooooo , we had to go to sweden !! was it great ??? '
are you buying or selling a business ?   '
- listens to my mum singing p !nk - lol i love that woman '
  era pra ser uma rima ? hihi '
i think dropping my ipod touch in le toilet is finally catching up with me '
  u need to followsome more people '
the om radio show with tapecut & andrey pusher [21.05.09]   '
took a long needed nap :) now time to start my night ! hollaaaa ! xoxo ! '
sidepodcast : live : britain - the race -   '
installing wow on my computer .. '
i'm dani noir by nova ren suma -   "
live chat right now with the ufc's frank trigg   .com   "
rt : make good music and the rest will take care of itself -   . z ain't lie . "
  ivete sou msico tb , sua nova msica vc toca em r maior ? qual tom ? bjao e parabens pelo carisma e simpatia . sory a cara dura . '
so true .   '
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
  yes mam !   '
rt   : the end is here ! free shimmer eserial   to celebrate , full ebook on sale for $2.99   '
nixon tapes released today - interesting stuff 36 years later -   '
rt warning :   is a pro-regime propagandist . ignore , block , disregard . block block block !!!!! '
    ? with the exception of column 2, is there anything else not true ? am open to discussion . '
  god that just made me laugh out loud and i almost woke the baby . '
  ([] )   :   ()   '
  - original : 89 ; fake :2,50 ... the original is by yulyaffairs jewelry and the fake is by myself =d '
hablamos en nuestro blog de una iniciativa de wwf para liberar los rios de espaa :   '
dobr ceny let www .airberlin.com '
  big ups & props to neyo and jamie foxx , they ended dis da rite way '
motorola h350 bluetooth headset - black ,sale price = $14.99,msrp = $49.99,savings rate = 70 %,http://dailydeals4u.lagori.com '
rt   :   heb je dit gezien !!? rt   :   - i have no self control . (via   ) '
rt   : episode 2 release party is in 12 seconds on youtube u r on the list . '
  girl u got me !!! by joe samba '
blog :   '
faith no more make live festival comeback at downloadhttp ://bit.ly/2kurl '
girl des tages : 16.06 .2009 destiny , 26 jahre : name : destinyalter : 26 haarfarbe : dunkelbraunaugenfa ..   '
hey   (report live >   '
man should not close eyes when hugging other man . ever rt   - rt   : kobe and his bff   '
rt   : innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity - not a threat unknown author '
  ok .. cool =] '
  my new favorite song :) i hope they play this song at the   concert '
don't look at me like that , you don't know what fun i've had today . *zombie growl * "
dear everyone : please stop giving your kids stupid names . if you must combine names , make it good , like pimentoloafmichael or something . '
senor , bendice a nuestros padres donde quera que esten . feliz dia del padre para todos .   '
  ja meine grocousine ist nun 6 monate und will langsam anfangen zu krabbeln ... aber sie checkt es noch nicht so wirklich :) '
rt - 200 new followers in a day -   '
  (via unknown ) '
i'm such a pig . i bought cup noodles , snickers and kinder bueno . -   "
  andy andy bo bandi banana fana fo stopsign me mi mo frontdesk ...streetlight '
is this for real ... filipino inmates in 'thriller' video stage tribute ...   "
my michale jackson tribute :   '
night night my beautiful , gorgeous , sexy man !!!!!!! '
ps coach ! can you tell tyler hansbrough to email me at khwildcat 0   .com!! i'm his biggest fan ! or call me at (910) 6851952 thanx !!!!!!!! "
from showmypony .com- nicole commented on the video 'lesson on star 6 /22/09': nicole commente ..   "
  '
  they're still better than sprint "
them girls gay   '
eu sou o melhor numa coisa , mas sou mesmo o melhor ... sou o melhor a no fazer nada ! '
new twittechnology : all new genesis coupe ! all this at a fraction of the cost . it's huuuuuuu .....ger -->   "
stoke to move for dean ashton : ashton , 25, has been sidelined since suffering a serious ankle injury in septembe ..   '
prilicno precizno :   '
  thankss i hope it does aswell the doctors say tht i have bendy bones :/ wht the hell is wrong with me :( xoxo '
rt   twitter : veja 15 dicas para usar o servio com elegncia e bom senso ...http://migre.me/2x2m (dicas timas ) '
    - never mind the scarf , i wanna see the t-shirt :-d '
rt   : it was difficult for diana to decide between her two suitors one was macho & not bright & the other very clever but macho lite '
  - hummingbird . '
tamil tv shows : super ten songs sun tv - 14.06 .2009   '
5 more days :) -   '
i just reached level 2 .   '
this is the stupidest story of all time :   who actually needs to know ? beyond surgeons ? '
  thx for rt re . georgia animals who need saved !   '
  omg lolol it's been so good that i've been able to forget that dexter is married to deb in real life . lololol "
rt   : media dis &amp;dat: john travolta admits his son had autism   '
rt   : functioning iran proxies 218.128 .112.18:8080 218.206 .94.132:808 218.253 .65.99:808 219.50 .16.70:8080 - rt pls '
rt   : no me canso de assistir - cena : hermanoteu na terra de godah   para chorar de tanto rir ! have fan . '
asian youth games : iran beat singapore 2 -1 in ayg football : singapore : singapore lost 2 -1 to iran in their firs ..   '
rt   health risks from socal freeways worse than scientists previously thought   '
rt   : alert : basij are breaking into houses right now , please rt '
account manager large store - coca-cola enterprises - orlando , fl   '
kate ->   '
just found a fresh page with hot pics   '
rt   medtronic paid surgeon nearly $800,000   '
5 :59 .. current temp is 63.5 degs . wind out of the ne at 1 mph . barometer is 28.17 inhg and steady . more :   '
hey ustream ( live >   '
i can finally get back on twitter ! '
  hey there , i'm rachel and a real estate agent . i'm networking with people in the area . feel free to ask me any re quest ... "
    '
mind grammar , spelling , and punctuation , use short words , and express as briefly as you can your meaning .~lmalcott 1874 '
  did you know b is also sensitive ? especially the name benedict . ;) '
volvo ocean race : puma aims to retain second overall : puma made an excellent start to leg nine of the volvo oc ..   '
    i getz it , you upset cuz der is a dog play piece and not a cats , so you made one yourselg bol '
three horses look good value in hunt cup at royal ascot today - roaring forte , axiom and kavachi . '
hanging out in an idaho garden . last time i was here there was snow up to my neck .   '
rip mj and ff '
"israel assesses anti - ahmedinejad protests will die out | iran news | jerusalem post " (   ) '
  and i called ya phone . 4 ppl was here '
wrote a new haiku , "a frogs legs aare in the sea nice and bueaful bye bye ", on stardoll . check it out !   '
en route to air sex championships with       woohoo !!!   '
the black keys - same old thing   '
rt   : interesting meeting with scale computing (http://www.scalecomputing.com) about their truecluster storage technology . '
aah best aqui amanh &lt;3 '
  sim , ele no precisava ser to extenso . no entanto , bastante verdadeiro e com referncias palpveis . no s opinio . '
  how is everything today in italy girl ?love your music so good ! '
now playing : mdz /dem bowa boyz - get loose   '
salvation army helping out with the bills : with temperatures climbing toward 100 degrees this week , there are tw ..   '
on my way to   for staff meetings . it doesn \'t feel like "work" when you love what you do & get to be with your friends '
club sound-channel (06/26)raggachannel vol .8http://bit.ly/we9s0 '
thinking outside the box : gaps diet - day 111 since starting intro   '
vou repintar meu quarto assim :)     '
mornin peeps . if u love micheal jackson the apollo having something free 2 daii from 2 pm to 9 pm '
  - all star '
rt   : "fear does not have any special power unless you empower it by submitting to it ." '
say happy 88 th to white castle when you use your free slider coupon : www .whitecastle.com/88 '
no post title '
rt   eu wants tighter privacy on social networks   (via   ) '
pursuit of happiness   '
rt   : "you only fail if you believe you can ." - napoleon hill '
what's an anagram for banach-tarski ? banach-tarsky banach-tarsky . "
parece que se retrasa el teclado-ordenador asus eee :   '
how to make money even in this reccession working from home with ...: most of the make money from home sort of s ..   '
i think this is what ms .   means . why do western donors have say re : how kenya conducts its census ?   '
the best membership site is doing well ! members joining and contributing content to the site steadily !   '
oh , and badge packs and tickets to see the film , too ! it has a special preview on fri 3 july (http://bit.ly/geteg) then it opens on fri 10 . '
more on obama and "educational" rhetoric - james fallows   '
last rt thanks to   . '
aznar reclama el rechazo internacional contra el "fantico" ahmadineyad : aznar ha llamado a la comunidad interna ..   '
lynzi is equal to or greater than hyde from that 70 s show (= i love me . '
  - haha :d:d '
estou em 2 podcasts essa semana , escutem aqui :   e aqui :   '
  - '
  can you call it twickling ? using twitter lingo . '
grammar : picture the prepositions of place on the beach .   '
showtime ! i'm drinking a mexican coke and eating an egg salad sandwich on sourdough for those playing along . "
rt :   : a comunidade quilombaque realiza movimento eco-cultural   '
new rules - place on x-ray machine belt not in plastic bin   '
new idea - 'visine: a sight for sore eyes ' : commercial pitch for johnson & johnson /visine or othe ..   "
jornalistas brasileiros no vo precisar de carteira profissional p / trabalhar   '
ufotable cafe ()   '
rt   : rt   : , - (via   ) '
rt   : kad bi svi imali muda kao hrvoje appelt -   '
voica song "poor with the poor "   , ed in l \'italiano "poveri coi poveri ":   '
  - bald meins ! *-* '
schn wars gestern , aber ich werde sie sehr vermissen ... '
they started hitting all the people around him , even the old women . '
  blogging about the joy of realease '
rt   : what people think about you is none of your business ... '
rt   : reuters : russia says welcomes ahmadinejad as new iranian president , russian deputy fm says . << surprised ? putin applauds . '
sonia the more you use the power within you , the more power you will draw through you .   '
  espera hasta el lunes !!!!!! oye si solo es una foto sticker '
listening to "culo - pit bull "   ~8prif '
  charge in tx but here they only charge 3.78 which i know is going to go to double and then the next thing you know you can only '
the hindi keyboard   '
just left   's rope ::burn. amazing night . rain degrey was awesome . hung with sabrina fox and   . met   et all ... "
ridership finally starting to spike for aces trains : "trafficking in bad vibes to atlantic city is strictly proh ..   '
enjoyed transformers but still thinks hangover was the best '
rt :according to rep . sally kern (r-ok) gays and pornographers are responsible for the economic crisis .     '
whats funny ??? this is funny .. check out my man zach !   '
rt   punnany is electric tonight ...pow!!! pow !!!!! lol !!! you know the cover for guys tonight ? '
  '
waitin 4 the other half 2 get home from football !!! '
quote of the day   '
hornets beat >> orlando magic vs . los angeles lakers nba finals game 5 in-game updates   '
watching some tv '
shift bang push ping via mob on go   '
omg check out this site thats getting me 1000 s of followers a day , it actually works unlike other sites :   '
rt   : nothing worse than getting attitude from people who are supposed to be helping you because their service is so shitty '
  hi sweetie =) luv ya =) '
i have so little energy today it's just pathetic , but it feels too late to take a nap . "
despiste vocacional essencial " no ensino profissional : por estes dias , s &atilde;o muitos os jovens a &ccedil;o..   '
holy crap , san antonio tv news is amateur hour . i've sat through woai , kens , ksat , and they're all laughingly bad . what a waste of my time . "
universo fantstico fantasticon 2009 iii simpsio de literatura fantstica : este an ..   '
rt   : 11 :15pm & it \'s "noon". waiting 4 sun meet at 2 pm to say when next launch atpt is . taking day off , but still in quarantine . '
hice examen de teoria del estado : la mala estoy en extraordinario por faltas , la buena el examen final a mi me lo valdran como calificacion '
took a long trade on a reverse setup bar at the ma . looking for a wave 3 cont . set target at 80 % of wave 1 . '
joined the bjd social network . :3   '
... fui estudar !   '
  when i just wake up i am very prone to saying grumpy things , but i mean , my blog is all "i am reading ..." '
  how to lose a guy in 10 days . '
jennifer lopez get right   ~85a0f '
looks like one of my favourite books has been ruined in the film adaptation process . devastated .   '
rt   : los angeles is paying for half the $2 million cost of the laker parade wednesday . (but can't pay public school obligations ). "
  - <3 '
is it easy to become an affiliate marketer   '
rt great collection of protest videos   '
rt   12 newbie twitter tips to start tweeting   rt   12 newbie twitter tips to ..   '
  i still say this is an unreasonable burden . if it wasn't a problem , why did builder fix it ?   "
poop :( '
acho que vou comer um sanduche e tomar um refrigerante agora . algum me acompanha ? solido desgraada ! '
  haha i had no idea what i was doing some six hours ago ... like wot is #? wot is rt ? '
hariri wil eenheidsregering libanon : de nieuwe libanese premier saad al-hariri heeft zaterdag gezegd een regerin ..   '
rt   : tempe politicians have phoenix envy . the crowd remains largely municipality agnostic . <= yup . '
  which song of the jackson 5 '
  did u get state prop 2 yet ? '
link : ug calendar - with make up classes (dlsu) - this is so not cool :| grawwwwwwwwwwwrrrrrrrrrrrrr . :|   '
cant stop eating !!! help !!!!! im gonna get bohemouth !!!! '
$129.99 antec nine hundred two black steel atx mid tower computer case   '
rt   : good place for research . genealogy &history of the eastern shore of va .   '
put up microwave . still on the wall '
  '
taking back sunday --sink into me   ~933uq '
red hot chili peppers -- snow   ~8tntg '
golf shoes found   they were 'under' the bed ;-) ha my bed frame is a series of large boxes of stuff i want bespoke after golf "
rt   : creative process map by dubberly design office ....   '
played on itunes : lara st . john sonata for solo violin no . 1 in g minor , bwv 1001 : i . adagio :   '
this challenge would kill me . i get motion sickness on the train ! '
leftloft '
: check payroll mapping for errors at lists &gt; payroll item list . right-click to customize columns '
gooyanews (fa) quoting velayati (reporting to the parliament ):the injured had multiple cuts and deep wounds to their chest area '
  siiii :d un millon de updates creo que significa algo mas que un millon de followers :p '
walkin along sandbanks in the gorgous weather wit my gorgous guy - doesnt get any better !! '
all 3 cats have fresh litter , i'm sure they will be grateful , but still scratch the crap out of our furniture that isn't even paid off yet . "
former assistant : no bad blood between thomas and suspect   ... '
rt :   : twitter /~ '
today the world has officially gone mad . popeye to be given 18 certificate for smoking pipe by liverpool health bosses   '
last chance for teva contest   '
  - denver boulder   workshop - write your book proposal ! win tickets !   rt '
hey   u only got 2 viewers lol (princeday7 live &gt;   '
says yousof ! stop what ? o .o   '
rt   :   boong pasti ..kamuflase.. ih beneran tauu ... '
why might the department of justice and federal courts be interested in elkhart's sewers ?   "
northwest comos   '
  lol , oh not at all ! ;-) '
  whooooooo !!! that's what's up !!!! :d:d hot ! "
i just reached level 14 .   '
her er finn kalvik-nyhetene . "spdd varmt vr , anbefales tenke litt p bekledning ?" dette var finn kalvik-nyhetene .   '
  lo es , lo es u_u '
  - and away we go '
  here a picture where you can see that my hair is red :phttp://bit.ly/2kjar &surr=0#photos '
  '
rt   : ap reversed its initial decision to capitalize tweet they now say to lowercase it , as a noun or a verb . good to know ... '
  you saw it because u are a stalker , im sure . stop googling me ! :-p rt     ..interesting read . :) '
rt   : 7 signs that youre an adult   via   - hehe - lol '
sorry rt   can be no happiness equal to the joy of finding a heart that understands .~victor robinson '
pixar grants 10 yr olds dying wish with home viewing of up   '
    ???....hua-lian (typo ....sorry,sir!) '
how is it even possible that youtube is down for maintenance ?? i am so annoyed . '
rt   : love all , trust a few . do wrong to none . '
8 ideas for a more transparent government from visiblegovernment .ca:   '
  i should know better than making sexist jokes , really ! but there were some really nice ones , u visit us next year that time ? '
people need to know what is going on in iran !! these people are fighting so hard for democracy right now !!!! '
  :( feel better soon ! what'd the doc say you have ? "
  rt hey y \'all check out my girl   singing "listen"   (via   ) '
  iiqht mama ; no prob '
  - yar . d :&lt; can't see you guys ... and i keep sneezing from the dust from these junk . "
why do you reference to god and jesus everyday ? since when did you become so religious ? lol   :http://bit.ly/d9lxi no surrender '
severe thunderstorm watch issued june 12 at 8 :46pm cdt expiring june 12 at 10 :00pm cdt by nws birmingham     '
re : !!!:   '
  clearly i have presented concepts i wasn't totally behind . can u tell i am burned out ? "
- show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
rt @ shannonseek "ask..ask..ask 4 the love you need . ask 4 the help you need . ask . allow . receive . you are loved ."~sseek *luv it * '
rt   muito respeito comigo agora pois me tornei de ontem para hoje um jornalista !!!! [eu tb hahaha ] '
.   '
via   : slideshow of the streets of tehran , following the iran election :   '
segunda-feira no guarita 70 muitas fotos do cear ! por enquanto fotos antigas de capo :   '
make $4,000 a deal   '
punto informatico , il quotidiano di internet dal 1996   '
think murray might win yeah '
new blog post : any suggestions for websites for internet marketing ideas for promoting accommodation ?   '
i've just snapped a new picture :   "
rt :   it was green ? -   '
  a squeezebox ? '
ad : reach up to 5,500,000 followers with your message -   '
says ang kua ko pakelamero tsk   '
  were you driving at 4 in the morning ? '
texas motors ford : new car sales consultants -fort worth , tx   '
  i have to scrapbook my concert from last week , sometime . yeesh . '
rt   waiting for shaq 2 drop the kobe championship shirts that read kobe finally did it with out me lmao <<-----lmao '
check this video out -- minnie riperton (memory lane )   '
"#jazz is an open ended designed for open minds ." anonymous '
get an insignia blu-ray player for $129.99 at bestbuy : brand spanking new blu-ray player (no refurb ). save ..   '
rt   :   i hope it is ok . i need alot of work .&gt;nah we will get you set ! '
my little puppy got fixed today . i hope she gets better soon . poor baby ! '
  - onde quer q eu v e o que quer q eu faa sem vocs no tem graa . '
on : lego adventure /pirate#6278 treasure island instructions : us $0.99 (0 bid ) end date : thursda ..   '
check it out no matter how you spin it - a tax hike is a tax hike : governor deval patrick said friday ..   '
omg michael jackson just died ! '
says transformer 2 yuk   '
  bring some back for me '
you can try out the safari browser from here :   '
    - some people actually thinks this looks good ...thats the funny part , lmao ! '
peter frampton - show me the way   '
freel out-duels crouse in pitching clinic   '
it really does take a village (westminster community times ) - earlier this month it was my honor to deliver the com ...   '
  just baked a tray of brownies   (via   )did you save some for me ??   '
watched transformers 2 . it's not about robots but computer graphic .   "
  as obras desse banksy so demais ! procurem o site tbm ! '
how to improve your child's iq   "
:d   :-***   ~8yjuc '
pretty blue flower earrings   '
mccain is the man who wanted to bomb iran , that means , u , mousavi , neda . he didn't care and should be quiet now rt . "
porsche und katar : das emirat katar knnte mglicherweise mit knapp 30 prozent bei porsche einsteigen , das beric ..   '
viendo : el credit crunch de michael jackson : deja un agujero de 400 millones de dlares - cotizalia .com   '
alright ,   . what was the over /under on when i would coment on ...   anyone good at playing doctor ? '
rt   : music lovers - read this (via   ) great story ....   '
  - '
im going to get laid this year ,it's been decided by the panel . "
rt   :   i found another   and my link   prayers to johnny and family ! '
'
  : feel better okay '
useless facts '
seri gears of war masih akan berkembang   '
en ksa , tranquilo '
really needs to go catch up on all the latest movies ! so many i need to see and so many people that i want to do it with '
  what dream ??? hehe '
combining mindmanager and camtasia to create "speaking" mind maps . watch the video and learn how to do it ! part 1 /2   '
rt   : the importance of parental support during the first year of college   '
watching bet '
rt i'm looking for a roommate ! move in by 7 /1! blocks from the cell ! social experiment to see if you can get a rm   ! "
(pls rt ) one 2 free - it (): one 2 free it ()..   '
pikir belajar gitar itu susah yaaa ...haaahh   '
  its not a bad place to be . especially as a start up :) '
trying pwytter '
singapore nanotechnology combats fatal brain infections   '
the night owl , martin o'neill .   "
  ... chorei mais ainda ,no sei o qe fazer estou morrendo por dentro ='( "
rfol from   : rt @ sunnybuns :   rotfl i ran out of room so it sounded bad sorry . read more :     '
  preferia passar meu dia com o   '
rt   rt   government tv : eight local british embassy staffers arrested   '
black very attractive women 19 years old would like relationship today   '
hope the lake show is stopped by some magic '
just tryin ' to beat the heat . "
price drop : zaptap (games)   '
how to lose weight fast & look good naked   '
3 of 5 stars to lover enshrined by j .r. ward -   '
  our new couch :d yay ! it'll be here in like 3 weeks . "
now tipping my hat to   for this :   '
why is everyone in my house sleep but me '
  ya cuz quinette said wht up ! '
'
  si vas con nios , puedes encontrar buenas sugerencias en   '
  bitch this night was a joke ! '
lista 100 mejores apps para elearning twitter la 1 :   rt   '
  w iphonewikea 500 iphone '
you wan a piece of me ? get lost man , so ur jsut 1 of those losers claiming to b my ex bf ? seriously , get a life and look into the mirror '
sem keirrison , palmeiras avisa que no ter novo 'matador'   "
  don ';t c anything wrong with it ....i've loads o garden u can have some of mine if u cut the grass ....lol "
mcmahon , farrah , jackson , billy mays , gale storm , fred travalena 6 celebrity deaths in 6 days   '
como o ato de matar uma mosca se torna to importante quando voc o presidente dos estados unidos ? '
new blog post : introducing je shop exotics   '
  date for   release ? aint that the pc release that ? im lost '
rt   : coupon code ! code 62509 will save 3 more people 15 % off my tees , expiring today .   '
alexandraxaxaxa : sunday smell of rum cake 'n' coffee =) shinin '.   "
mowac anfibio 1968 : tanqueta anfibia mowac v8 chrysler 440 10, 5 tns original ex malvinas con documentacin . ni ..   '
  . '
editing video footage of   and i ...fun things are happening . mmm chickens and sweet tea . '
rt     i asked if they consider doing a mash sometime again .. guess that was way to much insider .. ;-p << oh yeah ! :-p lmao '
iphone , an audio engineer's bff   "
omfg gross gore was at ge and i didn't know !!!!!!! i looked at my chat history . "
  "if we wait 15 mins well get half price shakes " '
rt :   : second life fecha as portas no br .   '
  10 minutes max . '
the national weather service in spokane has issued a significant weather advisory for ... east central lincoln co ..   '
mlm ebook that's been downloaded by well over 150,000 distributors -   "
listening to "everything with you - the pains of being pure at heart "   ~95kdx '
  omg woooooo :d aaaa ! hahaha x '
rt   : us and iranian musical powerhouses make a music video of "stand by me "   '
carry yourself as a princess always and your prince will find you . there are great guys and great dads out here on duty . i believe . (*.*) '
rt   : join the 100 lawyers registered for the free avvo online marketing seminar in san francisco tomorrow :   '
quebra na venda de automveis na europa abranda em maio   '
the rock girl win the third match-up today 10 -5 over hacienda hights i am one proud coach . a lot of heart girls ...   '
physorg &gt; underground cave dating from the year 1 a .d. exposed in jordan valley : an artificial under ..   '
        hey girls . sorry i've been off . crazy work hours this week . ugh ! need sleep ! :p "
watching peter pan because im the coolest person on earth ! :) tylovesmegs (:&lt;3 '
  ooowweeee u knnnooooo itttttt !!!lmao '
  do you have a myspace page jeff ? '
is live tweeting using a hashtag at conferences enhancing your experience ? my blog post on burrellesluce fresh ideas .   '
rt     i admire you for saying that '
  noppeee ..im good sir .. '
    - wow ! '
oh . that \'s called "smutting" rt   :   haha sometimes you just want to be with someone but not be with them ., '
my daily twittascope -   '
  that is just awesome ! :-) years ago i got an "i love dad " shirt from old navy for tori now my youngest wears it . :) '
ibrahim yazdi ,sec general of freedom movement transf to evin prison from hospital   (via   '
  it's at that stage in the night already for me . :d "
  i don't think my influences work :( "
k2 hatte eine bad-teeth-night und ist gerade vom ersten tagesnickerchen erwacht '
  get an ice creamm man :d '
sana hindi cla magrelax . go balse . go michelle .   '
rt   congrats to usa soccer for snapping spain's 35 -game unbeaten streak . "
canal + llega tambin a la xbox 360   '
wolves up next for their fourth first round draft pick . think they'll take another point guard ? "
thomas judge bars fair use defense , oks mediasentry evidence : jammie thomas-rasset's attempt to bar all mediasen ..   "
trnlocalsports four eagles earn 5 -2a special honors : the state finalist holliday eagles picked up ..   '
  '
at john schlitt concert at family worship center oh the petra memories ! '
sports : dothans cornelius wins award : dothans kyle cornelius had some attitude adjustments ..   '
"i want to kneel before him & pray , but resist the urge , fearing he will not answer ." ~lamonteg : "i ..   '
i knew this shit wasnt going off at no damn 11 o clock ....always going over !! '
trend is really hilarious .... :d '
  looking forward to it ! '
nice one : combining cufn and   -face -   (via   ) '
[tt] dachlftung : suche dachlftung fr 1000 er mb bj86 017611809146 joe   '
'
  coloquei uma no ar agorinha .   '
photo : homerdash : rabbit or gti ? judging by badging placement , id guess rabbit .   '
by   play great golf or your money back !   #-golf #-golfing '
  bjxxx '
non-stop cum blastings -   '
rt   the 6 leftovers from 2009 cannes film festival :   '
rt   - changes to small business fair dismissal code will result in job losses : ciobo   '
late for class .. wrong estimate of time .. :p '
joi ito at smu   '
rt   :   - this agent doesn't return phone calls /emails & doesn't show up for appointments - representing sellers ? "
and damn , raz just signed off so i have no insomnia buddies left to chat with while i pack . who is still on aim speak to me . '
thanks for the great recommendation , kermit lynch !   '
  no , but you can block it . and tell it fuck you too ! i got 3 potty mouth warnings in a row ! bitch ass slugs ! '
  take a twitter pic when you get yo hair done new new ! '
whoa ! get over 300 followers everyday from :   '
cnw /r e p r i s e -- avis aux mdias - une premire mondiale - lancement de la carte-guide gotouristique de ..   '
rt : ipodcopytrans manager | : ipodcopytrans managertag ..   '
never had a doubt . lsusports : final score lsu 14 ark 5 . tigers advance to the championship series monday against either texas or asu . '
leaving for europe today . i'll twit when i get there . :) "
says @ @   '
  previous quote comes from here , this article makes me sad . '
rt   why is it when you are dealing with insomnia there is never anything good to watch on tv ? {it's a law of nature , nani .} "
  - woohoo ! '
a well-directed imagination is the source of great deeds '
  - starstruck . '
rt :   : as a tribute to mj's influence , slate v presents a compilation of moonwalks , as captured on amateur video .   "
opera ne pregateste ceva   '
rt   : the need for change bulldozed road down the center of my mind .maya angelou   '
swine flu phase 6 : on the basis of available evidence and expert assessments of the evidence , the scientific cri ..   '
www .rosiemayd.etsy.com '
  greedy gretchin ! '
getting ready to go to the bank to see if i can get an account to replace those diry buggers from chase '
i just reached level 29 .   '
college blog : thundercrack : omahathese teams just keep going back and forth . virginia scores ..   '
is raod tripping to app state to visit the most amazing sister in the world for her 21 st birthday !!! '
spots available (advance reservation required ) for san francisco sightseeing & walking tours 6 /20-6/21   '
rt   : got my very own shamwow ! 2 for $6 at walmart . " you go rockstar !! " i hate to admit it , but i enjoy those commercials !! '
taco bell gm jobs taco bell restaurant general manager job (scottsdale, az , us ): taco bell rest ..   '
  good one larry , along the lines of henny youngman ! what do you like in the 5 th ? scotch ! '
  surely this is all a double bluff ? i'm speechless ! "
and please don't tell me what its made of ..it'll totall ruin it for me ! "
thomas homer dixon on why fear is good   '
my daily twittascope -   '
i lose ! '
  what's good stranger "
rt   hayen company : new blog designs for meee   '
these nachos are disgusting . my hunger lead to poor judgement . i should've said extra cheese . "
  e a bafana esta dando trabalho ... '
rt   : missed carnegie show ? no worries - i'll come to you . shows in minn , chicago , ann arbor , seattle , l .a., san fran ! ---yay! "
  klar , bei den vielen duschen braucht man unbedingt namen *gg*. garten braucht keine dusche , es regnet ! zurckknuuuuutsch ;o) '
spending day with the kids playing basketball and video games unpaid day off '
for the guy's : ed hardy's , christian audigier , ralph lauren , burberry , gucci and many more !!! txt or call 956 37 ..   "
oh : today's top fav's : yo momma     "
sorry , have no idea what this dessert is outside of bryce caron's and goood .   "
rt   : rt   : vote for martin so i can go drink wine with him .http://bit.ly/6gmdm '
[news] another wedding sponsorship sought on ebay - onewed .com   '
my new novel needs a publisher .check it out   '
slngde nyss en blick p tvn . det verkar som om eva rse skafftat en eeh ...ny frisyr '
rt   which uk papers truly *get* the whole online news thing ? any recommendations ? rts appreciated   maybe for an answer ? '
  i think we can support iranian youth \'s fight for freedom covertly ... where is our "hope and change " president ? '
"meer zwolse gesubsidieerde banen nodig in crisistijd ": zwolle - omdat zwolle een aantrekkelijke woonstad is , ..   '
uk gas suppliers must improve service -regulator   '
fyi : flickr process maps - datalooknize v2   '
capricorn horoscope : horoscope for june 21 2009 by kt , ...: capricorn horoscope : horoscope fo ..   '
6 am . may or may not have just walked in on my mom and her boyfriend doing it . :c '
3 astronautas na campanha da louis vuitton   '
rt   : my story about nj woman who turns wine to water for charity caught attention of cbs eyewitness news !   '
  bij dido . en aeneas . '
i want another piercing but i don't want to go through the pain . it will definitely be worth it though ! hmm ... what to do ? "
topic was the giving of time and money to further the kingdom of god . how much are we willing to give ?? '
fresh inspiration : multi-layer toliet seat : clever or not ?: in households in which men and w ..   '
bom dia !! jornalista nao precisa mais de diploma [http://noticias.uol.com.br/cotidiano/2009/06/17/ult5772u4370.jhtm] '
  post mit pocketwit vom palm treo pro . habe immer noch ein paar probleme mit der tastatur '
het vreemdste wat u kunt lezen in de kranten , leest u hier :   '
ideas flooding into my brain for reworking   into a longer piece . starting to not resemble the original idea . '
  - twitter : les 100 comptes francophones suivre   -- good choice , merci :) '
listening to "que me perdone tu perro - paquita la del barrio "   ~85b5e '
do u see similar numbers ?   : b2b appointment setting numbers w / leads nurtured vs . leads not nurtured   '
news : kotaku - iphone install base vs console install bases - apple   '
lgico , quando se diz "ser que as coisas podem piorar " elas sempre pioram . =( '
  no deixa de ser uma festa n '
does anyone else think its shady when people randomly delete all of their text messages ? weirddd . '
  that is what my bestfriend amy says but she don't hold it up anymore just puts it in my shirt .....lol "
so seductive the sun and shine today . if it's this bright tomorrow , i'm thinkin ' beach day ! "
yea my bf is a scorpio . and she mos def got too much goin on for me . lol rt   :   - uh oh u know leece 644 is a scorpio ! ha ha ! '
governo prope parcerias para desenvolvimento da amaznia   '
coffee anyone ? send a tim hortons coffee basket for fathers day - 2 sizes available !   '
politicians step guardedly into world of facebook , twitter , social ...   '
(techies)rt@austinheap :keep those proxies up and running ! all the info you need at   '
watching a kickass movie . defiance with daniel creig . it bluray !!!   '
josh ritter is such a lovely human being . and oh my god i got to see glen hansard ! he's just as awkward on stage as he was in once . "
rt :   : vo macabro . piloto de boeing 777 morre no ar . co-piloto pousa avio e salva passageiros .   '
a new daye on horizon - boston globe nba notes by marc j spears :   '
i watch tv online & this is my experience too : rt   : study finds preroll video ads more effective than banner ads   '
rt   : slideshow : drinking   '
'
  u should give twitscoop .com a try . you don't need to refresh anything , new tweets come to you automatically + many features "
  '
45 + new jquery techniques for good user experience   '
250 new followers in a day - totally free - no sale -   '
rt   : 20 free wordpress themes that don't suck (2009)   "
let \'s listen in to the buckinghams singing , "kind of a drag "! check it out !   ~885tu '
u .s. sec charges madoff middlemen with fraud : a brokerage firm and a hollywood investment adviser that were key ..   '
the wire just called him "hemmingway." geesh '
  jose canseco '
city goes "paperless"   '
rt   dubstep crew , check this mix : joker live @ sonar :   '
  '
  ahorra no porque le promet a mi papa ayudarlo en la renta pero hasta el otro si me lo voy a gastar todo . '
"sexiness wears thin after a while and beauty fades , but to be married to a man who makes you laugh everyday , ah , now that \'s a real treat ." '
news : over 150 jurors voted super grand jury :   show @ 7 edt   patriot's heart pls rt "
just at the front door , waiting for sar . you ? '
  - baby girl blessing on mostoriginal .com '
  klopt dit ? itouch 2 g os 3.0 gm .   '
  change yours to ariana nickelsen :] '
karishma dhanak death mystery burned bodies college graduate police investigation unknown assailants : karishma d ..   '
8 '
  '
rt :   : cyrus news : 16 officers arrested :   '
recommend   free web hosting . installed and really easily .     '
  : wsj column \'s ridiculous . "ambivalence about freedom ?" so , going forth with a bombastic statement would help ? how , exactly ? '
  :d i'll be looking forward to it ! "
  listen , j hudson in the house '
baucus to ax $600b, gop derides reform &#39;joke&#39; | prosperityagenda .us   '
bad mood , off to work '
in a recent bullpen session , pichardo was throwing at 99 mph , at that speed do not be surprised he will soon crack the ml giants bullpen ! '
looking for some sponsors to sponsor weigh loss can any one help ? '
rt   the american empire is bankrupt gjcn   (via   ) '
ooh , i just got struck by a sudden urge to taunt presbyterians . that's probably the gods trying to smite me back firing . "
    - isso no gay ... s meio lsbico ao contrario ! '
thanks for the advice rt   :here's list of iphone apps with push notification built-in for iphone os 3.0 :   (via ... "
flash developer : nj-princeton , responsible for taking creative assets and transforming them into flash builds . w ..   '
iran updates , or , "just when you thought it was over ..."   '
  ur grossing me out ! '
bw i will pay a wook 2 dollars to pee on you at a show if i ever see you in person (joephus0311 live >   '
rt   check out   set from over 3000 worldwide tv stations .watch satellite tv on pc , laptop or television . '
lunch specials ! grilled chicken panini w / roasted tomatoes , greens , mushrooms , & pesto aioli mussels in smokey tomato cream sauce over pasta '
rt   : latunleashed : air canada to allow small pets 2 ride in cabin : traveling with pets just got ..   '
saturday's costume party ..me as queen of hearts and bff as mad hatter   "
already done with my plates ,now im off to sleep , my allergy is killing me .. ='( "
in atl ""the snack pack "" remember those "class clowns " well there all n one show ! ( friday ) june 12 th @ apache cafe 64 3 rd st . nw 30308 ... '
  thanx for the inspiration ! '
bg , exco reach $1.3 billion deal on shale gas   '
  hey keke how was father day '
  food's always worth it ! miss you dear ! :) "
sr . windows /linux systems administrator   '
is michael jackson dead ? lord say it ain't so .#fb "
one more class to go , then , you can all stop seeing updates about me whining about class . '
rt   : *new* press release -   "tear gas " debuts on multiple billboard charts -   '
  - as seen in cosmo mag culture inspired earrings '
maguire sells office site at 40 % off   '
  - '
catching a recruiter's eye online ...   (via   ) "
james huey - when i think about the lord   '
rt   : jackson's dad aced out of will : filed under : michael jackson signed a will in 2002 providing for ..   "
excelente web de patrones de interfaz de usuario :   '
i need to work on my posture (or) enlarge font size (or) pull the screen immediately in front of my face . vote ? (add options as you wish .) '
nu pas wakker luilak '
hey   watching the runners and dj khaled its crazzy listening to ace & luda track ! (mongoose191 live >   '
why do tv programmes feel the need to have virtual sets ? models were better and sets are better . '
home theater for sale - go to   '
phrase of the day : isep kontol - translation : blow job -   '
plateglass and an adequate supply of lettuce is all that stays my eventual execution , really . '
rt . defense tip : do not engage in dos phone and web attacks . you are hurting the people , not the government . rt '
headphone for sale - bose quiet comfort 2 noise cancelling headphones - new ! - go to   '
noise filter : iranian election dispute   '
rt   show support for democracy in iran add green ribbon to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
rt   : uma bela e tocante expresso que mostra o sofrimento dos ataques de 11 /9.   '
    - this is amazing '
bye daddy :( see you in a week ! :) '
dictionary : a place where success comes before work . '
just click for a century of news   '
  wokeeee ... insyaallah bisa '
rt   : uc irvine student jesse cheng nominated as 2010 -11 student regent :   go jesse ! '
this cheered me up ...sort of 10 things that end badly - funny because i have a random humor button   '
        thanks for the rt ! '
aint it tho . rt   meet me next week at orwell's grave .   "
rt   : translated rt : conflict is high in baharestan rt rt rt '
just not getting as much done today as i need to . can't concentrate , and waiting on others for stuff . "
  i was wondering how come you shorten the ask ij song ..when i was singing it i noticed there was some things missing :d '
llegare tarde al trabajo tmr . me quede dormido '
wow rain , again ? let's try for that iphone again today . "
rt   :   still encountering companies who run tweets thru legal . as if noting that it's sunny out would expose them to a lawsuit . "
posted : commitment phobia ? (the runaway )   '
korek ! rt   :   can i apply as your secretary instead ? haha kaso mas memorized mo pa important dates kesa sa kin . lol . '
another superb classic by kevin kern ...music to listen many times over ....   ~8g8c9 '
rt   : time to stop asking myself what i want be when i grow up and instead ask god what he wants me to be . '
rt   ajdjss guild challenge voting ...http://bit.ly/4ttm9w '
look who is all grown up ! the king of   is no longer a twitter newbie ... rt   : just finished up sen dog   '
just met a kat daddy who wants to spoil me . '
rt   : i actually like "skinny dips " hummus from loblaws , wendy & barb \'s brand i think '
laserdisc commercial with devo and ray charles   1984 in a nutshell , and wierd to boot . '
  se voc quiser me dar essa camiseta polo eu aceito :   '
rt   :   hell no he ain't fucking with fab not even close to fab .... i had to retweet that niggaz with sense "
a moment of tweet deck gratitude to newcomers who grace my deck       '
the magic 1000 as discussed with   and   tonight . coincidence ? rt   : rt   : [sic]   '
positividade !!!faz falta ir no show dessa galera ! ((tallowah roots )) msica reggae baiana ,confiram:http://www.myspace.com/tallowahroots '
listening to music and thinking about the weekend '
rt   painting of mr . t on the back of a van   '
why is my phone always ringing when i'm not on my place ?who the hell is this murphy ! "
rt   :   nathan please accept my compliments on your cologne of choice . old spice is still going strong . '
here's the sound clips of the catchy jingle used in the clapper commercials back in the 80 's.   "
with no sign of redeeming ethics nor integrity to your name that i can precieve what so ever ! '
watching bill and teds bogus journey '
good question ... coming up rt   : '
rt   why sme job creation is important in the emerging world : this yr btwn 30 k & 50 k nicas may lose jobs , 33 k -64k into poverty '
these are the biggest waste of money ever ... they go stright to the trash ...   '
rt   : seriously coderush 9.1 -> 9.2 from 1.233 gig of ram to 258 mb , what can i say kudos to the devexpress dev team '
rt   : dear iran , get your shit together ! power to the people ! '
i love hotel babylon !! just brilliant !!!! '
rt   :   snorkle '
rt   i just personally confirmed that the phrase personally confirmed makes for one really stupid trending topic on twitter '
  '
  - bella tweets al gore . '
genius !   '
, 10 . '
tribute to the king of pop michael jackson in his time of jackson five : abc   '
lots of good info here 'the keys to managing your money wisely '   "
  world of warcraft - jewelcrafting leveling guide : jewel craft is among th ..   '
  . hot ^^;   . '
just bought a claymore mine .   '
  i read   - and i totally agree . don't regret your 4 years . makes 50 times better . "
doing what i do best ...me... duhh '
morning , looks like i feel better today ... '
waiting for pick up some food , then bed most likely . '
    - sophie is cute ! '
    - abaaaa ... nice ! '
rt :   : rt   rei julian (madagascar) curtindo numa boa ! impressionante e hilariante :   '
think we might hit red carpet lanes bust they ass bowling .. maybe if it aint wii bowl i suck ... '
results for ironman 70.3 kansas 2009 triresults historical ...: date added : jun 16, 2009 event date : jun 14, ..   '
police make car break-ins arrests after tip from alert citizen .   '
please bare with me if you see any test tweets , i am busy testing a twitter api that i wrote in java for use with our im gateway . '
rt   :                   '
join the brunolution   sacha baron cohen's new movie trailer and facebook group if you need a laugh watch it radiusnyc "
  omg . it could have gone so bad . i think u handled both bruno and ruddy well '
omg !!! the hotel has an ice cream vending machine in the lobby ! happy pixie + jondoll :-) :-) '
  then it must be nearly three-thirty . it's sorta the low point in the day , cos it's either too late or too early 2 do things . "
recomendaciones de usuarios mmm ...interesante rt   : twitter business model revealed ? -   '
goodnight twitter ! simply a delight as always . talksoon ! :) -p '
today , i went to take off her bra , and when i finally unhooked it from behind her , it snapped back and hit me in ..   '
rt   : check out the new ad from     '
my daily twittascope -   '
  not fair ! it took me 12 years , two filings , and six paper serve attempts ! '
the situation in iran is now critical - the nation is heartbroken - suppression is iminent - '
rt   more elders                   '
rt   : installing windoze 7 . vista didn't last the first day on my new pc . "
sitting by the pool . anybody wanna join ?   '
rt   : new jooktv speaking on the charles hamilton situation   lol @ "warped by vicious haymaker " '
    new york has had rain for 2 whole weeks ! '
  you seem to be the only app i have that claims to use gps in finding my location but cannot . ever . '
sold some books for forty dollar store credit or twelve dollars cash - lame '
rt   : porra , que reality show esse que ngo supe que michael jackson morreu ? '
acxiom announces first-quarter expectations   '
i hate this stupid red light . it doesn't have a sensor and never turns green on this side . ugh . "
rt   by   : a coastal flood advisory has been issued for philadelphia   for more information '
an awesome portfolio : rt   : the frank chimero mini portfolio for busy internet people   '
  suggested reading 'long john twitter ' the best book on twitter for business "
  so what lol my phone has that too (well it makes it private ) '
ah ! acum citesc mesajele voastre ! pai apare roxy manelista si pe mine nu ma informati :)) deci otv '
rt :   : awesome entrepreneurs to follow :             : '
  dskolah aku jg ada ras , bego " pula . tp kaya " . hhe * bkny barbieboy it km sk yah (ada dblog ) oh gt smntara ajh pke hp mamanya ya '
  i'm not trying to ruin them ,but the comparison is inevitable ;just like asher roth sounds like em , hey monday sounds like paramore "
fallout with doom | ps3 and psp news at thesixthaxis   '
  oh my god the same thing happened to me yesterday , i have the biggest pimple ever on my check fuuu '
i just dont want to believe that michael jackson is dead . '
dit is bepaald geen waanzinnige bewering . neemt niet weg dat ik de demonstranten hun vrijheid gun rt     '
come on wilco ...: bata o pzinho numa balada que tinha tudo pra ser de george harrison mas ..   '
  oww ! dque all day babie !!! cant wait to see the flickss love yaa xo ! '
  zuriel and very cool   '
  please remind me to ask you about this tomorrow . '
for   :-)   ~949fi '
rt   urgent -- tmz .com reports that michael jackson has been taken to hospital in los angeles in cardiac arrest . '
going to sleep - it's been 48 hours . i got to share [jesus] today with a lady on the plane . it's a good reminder why i am really alive . "
  '
1 :03 ""   '
  haha shut up '
manage fred travalena   '
15 /06/09 08 :47:26: the mood message number : '4.1' "
just had rehersal and fittings for show next week ...... strangely stressed out ..., '
this reminds me of an old bill cosby story about giving his little brother a "tour of the city ." glad the puppy is okay !   '
6.14 .09 competidor : i have no clue what is name is . but his shirt says 'competidor.' so we'll go with that .now, ..   "
iphone os 3.0 - builder by zdnet japan     '
hj tem show no sattva 2 com o darvin e o breakout ...vamo que vamo =d '
  tx for rt '
park city local sunday morning ride | ryan cobourn : rode the flying dog trail in park city with h ..   '
affiliate marketing - for the beginner :online business   '
rt :   : best infographics collection i've ever seen on the web   "
estacionamento 0,00 (rua mesmo ). barzinho cm amigos 250,00 . acordar o   as 02 :00 e tira foto dele de pantufinha tm preo ! '
hell no but i like to be in the mix . . well not really . but i care ! '
die grafiken zeigen spam-aktivitt wieder deutlicher , etwa einen groen mlltransport heute ab 9 uhr :   '
  boss lady at middle school for awhile in am kick your feet up drink some coffee i'm the laid back boss remember "
deadave hey man '
rt   : dj dviousmindz presents - beats i would've gave ludacris download at   plz rt my 13 followers "
no need to worry about me . i can hold my own . and often someone else's   :   "
is with amanda jack & tennnnto '
rt   2009 los angeles global marijuana march video : link to youtubewww .henryhemp.c..   '
  eu quero !   '
about to start my day , rise & shine $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ '
rt   : rt   rt   :   (via   ) - ohmygod , tim burton + alice in wonderland = fricking awesome ! '
rt   twitterrific , tweetdeck and destroy twitter : 1 st victims of twitpocalypse ? -   '
rt   : new inglourious basterds trailer :   '
algum me d o cd da megh stock de presente ? xp ' "
  so c2 is your favorite character from geass '
link : super close-up zoom into a tooth - boing boing   '
i just built the coolest stegosaurus everrr .   '
sis watched new york .first day first show !! i don even have the tickets yet ! '
10 macupdate -$50 -   '
standing on this long ass line for this ghetto ass club lol '
  do you know if we can watch it online ? '
ah no ! agora s me falta falar q ela fake =( rt   : descobri a   homem ... '
  rt       '
rt   blog : education department leaves the little red schoolhouse behind   '
rt   : rt gma : ed mcmahon dies at the age of 85 . awwww wow !! may he rip '
sitepoint : 18 free text editors to clean up your code ...   '
rt   playing live on the internet now !   and archived immediately after in case you miss it :) '
bum knee ! '
westpaumc : web site redesign team   '
rt   rt @ rtmemert   : '
  c20090609_imaslive_58_cs1w1_720x540 .jpg () '
look what i got !!http://twitpic.com/8hld1 '
  home business , learn how i made over $1700 profit on ebay in 10 days an ..   '
  rogers store quote one iphone 16 g at $299 and 2 nd iphone 16 g 399 but csr erin # 1801294 was able to get me 2 iphones @ 199 ... '
  good newz love i'm coming to la push ,washington!!! * smiles , winks * "
rt :   : [imgenes fuertes ] video de empleado de hondutel atropellado   --- que gacho --- '
chef michael rocks late nite . rt   : just when i thought i couldn't dine after 10 pm downtown , extra virgin saves the day . "
  rt   pls read   : food shortage may lead shelter 2 euthanize animals . pls help   '
  rt twitter is not facebook ! i will not spam my tweeps with inane online game invites 3 cheers for common sense ! '
i hope i'm wrong about this but i feel like the braves might have gotten all the offense they'll need in this one . "
all i can think of is that stupid afternoon delight song and the fact that a peanut is not a nut its a seed . did you know that .stephen d ... '
me :be my friend please ? him :sure, shamira . i'd love to ... "
america in a recession ?? not for long thanks to donald trump check out how he is changing it ...   '
having drinks at paris ba (kinda blast from the past ...) but pigalle still rocks , for sure '
rt   :   can u imagine ? i was sick wen i saw him . omg . ryan could wear them lmao (my 3 mnth lol '
windows 7 e coming to europe without internet explorer   '
hey '
nl : kan ik de vader uit ouderlijke macht zetten ?: de vader van mijn kinderen woont al 3 jaar in thailand , hij ..   '
'
    - you two are soooo pretty !! love the dresses ! xox . '
rt   : i have a bum leg . but idc cause i'ma still be me :   "
ng super slow n then he would be staring at my car 4 a while n then just stopped again in thw side of the road .. thank god (: '
  non pas encore , mais je disais ca pour rigoler ... en tous les cas , ok c'est chiant pour la pratique , mais bon pour la vue ... "
new blog post : the next big thing for gaming ?   '
  iss will cross the sky at your location at 02 :24! more details :   '
(^_^;)   '
2 atlanta dom . gabriel billard burgundy events today - rest . eugene .   and hinton's   "
rt   : wants to see the new movie enemies , going to give up on if i hear voice one more time b4 batman 3 '
  this is a scam that needs to be stopped   '
rt   : new blog post : skills pra todo mundo !   '
apple fans are prepared for a part-time jobs (ap): ap - five and a half months ago , word that steve jobs would o ..   '
national study shows small manufacturers struggling to survive : a national study released today by the american ..   '
  - a young me !! '
  this is ah-mazing . check it out !!!! '
just found someone offering the apple singles collection to dl , and that includes two lon & derek van eaton tracks ! '
i love this short docu on sideshow and swordswallowing -   . i doubly love that i know half the people in it . '
loving this mornings time tunnel woop woop ... 103.3 fm in mk and online everywhere else http :www//.heartmk.co.uk '
looking for peeps to follow '
rt   : okay tweeps ! in honor of friday all our followers get 20 % off all regular priced items today only ! rt ! '
rt   a father in uganda helps carry in cartons of shoe boxes by bicycle to the children of his village   '
rt   :thank you 4 rt you are so very swell ! '
rt   : 4 people smarter than   . (ok, fine . 2 are animals )   '
preview for must eat birds !   '
blog updated ... australian church planting : i read this post over on mikey's blog that said there ..   "
i missed the rt on chelsea . i would really like some peanut butter m &ms. i should probably try and sleep '
just got more followers :   '
  well ...beats what leb got . apparently we had a tornado . but sunny's good . "
20100 %500   '
rt   : june 28 is all caps day   '
        health care fairness widgets now available !!   plz rt ! '
  strech it butt hold and put ur penis in '
can i have one day when all my staff shows up for work !!! ugh ! i'm tired ! i'm gonna try to my hardest to have a good day , hope u all do too ! "
"o lcio falou pro juitz conversar com o bandeirinha " - palavras de galvo \'advinha o que ele est falando \' bueno (ele onipresente ???) '
what is the easiest thing in life ?   '
  what ? where ????????? '
  whereas i consider myself lucky that my four wheels aren't transporting a tiny screaming person ! ;-) "
great   '
  what voice part do you sing david (i'm a singer too )? i love the technical aspects of singing . are you a tenor ? "
  qu mal . por otro lado sabes si an hay boletos para cafe tacvba ? '
heute gehts mit freundin gleich nach hannover . ikea , etwas shoppen , starbucks und danach zum essen ausfhren . '
  , . '
rt   women accidentally throws away mattress containing 1 million dollars -   '
    - snazzy one ! '
ellsworth , ks - complete with wind farm '
ea hired actors to "protest" its dante \'s inferno game at e3 . some religious commentators take issue :   '
  although it's very satisfying to help with getting a looter's bankruptcy case get thrown out of court :) "
anyone want to have a better understanding of home gyms in only 9 ...: a home gym is nice because there is no di ..   '
when u r a '
for all those thinking that the iphone 3.0 isn't coming till tomorrow , that's for asia ....where it's already the future .   "
guna make sum creme brulee for fathers day tomorrow mite end up eatin it tonight though '
i just attacked   and lost .   '
i just attacked   and won .   '
. moby isolate   ~8yuzq '
rt   starting my new magazine today , need male models with tats and piercings not afraid to be naked or semi nude . '
ah ! nick jonas . yummy :) '
check out a vending machine sale ? start your own home based ...: a vending machine sale will give you a clear p ..   '
ccsb reverse split jun 25   '
  the whole scene in the cowboy bar was classic . "we have both kinds of music : country *and* western !" and the chicken wire ! '
  that dude is so in love with her haha '
i still think the search screen of os 3.0 with it's round rects looks like all the screens on the palm pre .   "
big pine right here in the lovely fl keys named best island to live on by islands magazine   '
rt   : the embassy of is closed today , 06.26 .09 in celebration of their !: rt   : the emba .. '
  '
renault clio mk1 phase 2, black leather bonnet bra .: 15.00 (1 bid ) end date : friday jun -1..   '
need one letter to use 'samurai' in a scrabble game . need one kickass hat to be a samurai in real life (http://tinyurl.com/nwb55a). "
new pictures   bilder ! '
photographing the bo'ness children's fair today ,   "
rt : rt   : "start by doing what \'s necessary ; then do what \'s possible ; and suddenly you are doing the impossible ."~brad hager '
i'm at milady's bar and restaurant with   .   "
  jicama slaw is crunchy ; a great summer salad !   '
  isso aew , aew vc me xama pra eu fikar po ! xd '
yid with lid : arab democracy advocates upset with obama -   '
rt   : hablando con mi futura ex-esposa << brutal ... '
  hast du es inzwischen rausbekommen ? wenn nicht , schau mal hier :   '
i have so many books i never read ... what do i do with them ? '
  reading : stuntbirth '
effective marketing for home business owners , affiliates , twitters , shop promotion and website owners . visit :   '
  deze actievideo van   kan best wel in dik .nl/rusland2009:   '
according to   68,493 babies are born each day in india . their population grows 25 mm annually . '
watching broken hearts club the movie @ 1 st ave & 65 th st   '
rt   : sydney ,show your support for fbi & come down to their several fundraiser shows around the city .   '
tomtom on iphone   '
  you guys are in my thoughts , prayers and machine code . : ) '
num falei oi pra ningum ,se no fico falando sem parar e no vou dormir , mas preciso ! bjotchau ! '
rt     prays "only through u will the world know a hope that changes everything "   '
rt   da recession ain't got nothin 2 do w / my hard times i jus need 2 stop introducin lowerclass women 2 da finer things n life "
  congratulations on making out to ny ! thats exciting ! '
neue schuhgutnews ausgabe online ! download :   '
rt iran list of embassies taking wounded :   (expand) '
played tiger woods pga tour 10 yesterday   '
  - yup '
minum kopi gak mempan juga ya ..   '
  time to vector ? i really hope you mean the car ;p '
rt   super jam 2 review in the post-dispatch !   '
three top things about iphone 3.0 os so far : (1) email search (2) copy /paste (3) improved ability to scroll through audio files '
  got an internship at the pentagon   and wants to know what to wear with her blue knit vest . '
new blog post : citigroup three card monty policy on executive compensation   '
actually working :( '
  come on stephen ... at least put up a photo of yourself in the racing clobber ..... pwease . '
  that's good :) how do i get tix to go to rove ? "
rt   : if you don't like something change it ; if you can't change it , change the way you think about it . ~mary engelbreit "
razboi la rosia montana - ce s-a spus si ce nu s-a spus duminica in emisiune - art de mihai gotiu   '
rt     :   i drew this picture . it's for all iranian people . i know it isn't much , but ... "
new stupidity on the mad blog !- home again , home again - visit :   '
griffin :at the centre of an international white supremecists network :http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/jun/12/usa-race '
opmerkelijk nieuws : man moet als straf bloemen geven :   '
aww =) rt   :   yup     r the best ..thy keep me laughing @ work when i have nothing 2 twitter about lol '
my left nutmeg (ct) guest post chris dodd : a strong public option   '
rt   : piesa tribut michael jackson (by deepside deejays , dj project , vali barbulescu & damon , amsterdam avenue & erico v ) http ... '
women to blame for men cheating : a book by a marriage counselor claims women are to blame when men cheat because ..   '
! fashion ( 70 % ) ! ;) '
goodguide helps consumers towards transparency , w / health & environmental impacts of products before they buy them .   '
pre party radio is now playing : carl craig - sessions (angel)   '
yellow lobster is a 1 in 30 m rarity -   '
comment on which newspaper web sites we should evaluate   '
rt   : boo ritson paints pictures of people ...on people ...then takes their photo ...brilliant!   '
  not really much ! '
rt   : 900 + people at wharton forum today ...really great speakers , very well-organized .   '
re :   '
what happened to trending topics ? '
buzz ....rt   bees ...help your garden and the world food supply   '
mark 6 :   '
anyone want to proofread my mla citation handout i'm making for my students ? not seeing the forest for the trees at the moment ... "
buffy marathon ! '
ee trabalha pro disney channel '
2   '
woot ! 400 followers ! '
n'oubliez pas vos vhicules !   "
rt :   payments announces partner program to help merchants become compliant   '
tip : best hotels : spa & relax erika   '
tenho medo de entrar no orkut , '
i blame mahmoud ahmadinejad's halo for driving away world attention :   "
rt bo & media maintain diversion from true agenda w / 24 /7 coverage of celebrity deaths . call the senate-no on cap & tax ! '
now enjoying a union club : 2 z elijah craig , 1.5 z fresh o .j., .5z luxardo , .5z campari '
    - have you seen this ? '
at the house grillin up some burgers . mmmmmmmmmm   '
    here's the helm /outfit i had yesterday , gold accents will match the fishing nicely :   "
rt   : rt   : twitition hits over 10,000 signatures   '
  what n the h *ll '
* activando retropopulsores * no , no es cancha reglamentaria , buscar otra pista de aterrizaje , mayday ... mayday '
is going to be doing econ hw the rest of the night ... '
my daily twittascope -   '
teeny weeny greeny aquamarine-ys sold and relisted in my etsy shop   '
obs : space (19:38:10.346 +21:06:51)   '
rt   : no beer till thursday   ...you shook on it -if i have to wait until thursday ,im having 1 for each day that i miss ! '
check this video out -- chopper young city (out tha box tv )   '
  whlt   in den kundenbeirat der sbb ! '
testing   '
rt   rt   "he is rich or poor according to what he is , not according to what he has ." - henry ward beecher '
save it for a rainy day ...   '
is ~(ing)~~   '
pretty sure there are more red sox fans here than ppl cheering for the nats . '
  cin , emang ada pak tarno ya ? kapaan ? '
berber village by terres d'amanar   "
that was the night-http ://bit.ly/pwtgt '
he is ginormous ! he is @ home does his siblings accept him ? rt   : the beast on his baby bed ...   '
download my mixtape hosted by dj nice u will not regret it !!   '
resort style furnished corporate apartments (galleria,houston) $120 1 bd   '
rt world unite video   '
  epc manchester for domestic and commercial property energy performance certificate surveys '
elperiodico guate -&gt; se detectan 55 nuevos casos de virus a h1n1 : salud reitera que el fi ..   '
got mine :   i know - real creative ! '
  amirite is not a word . while some slang and abbreviation i support , that's just lazy writing . "
says i realized something kind of embarassing .   '
iran crack addict   '
rt   : let us pray for the innocent people in iran who are caught up in the cross fire of ego and politics . '
rt   : rt   was ein geiles aktionsvideo der zu nun hab ich eine gnsehaut .   '
  just changed my passwords . thanks for noticing ! '
a pete tweet with raffo !   '
portfolio : bodies in motion von sinisa alujevic   '
just completed a 12.27 km run with   , check it out   '
  pior o pblico e outras publicaes escreverem a expresso imprensa escrita . que s imprensa :-) '
i know /replacing/ ups batteries is easy . what's not easy is listening to a ups alarm for days while you wait for replacements . "
interested in possible facebook hook up ? look me up   '
necronomicon gnosis : : ;   '
what are tips for carving on a life tree ?   '
  eu vou demorar um pouquinho de chegar por que de buzo meio longe daqui '
birmingham city fc on target for the premier league with communicator email marketing : birmingham city football ..   '
disney channel princess protection program | ratings reign for 'princess pr ...   "
brrr , a bit parky isn't it ? "
this is excrutiating . i just wanna go home !!! '
get google ads free ! :: new secret !! :: newbie affiliate made $109,620.   by contentussb 3806 12 :18:10 '
thanks for the rt     updated   '
get your horns up ! 3 homeruns in one inning and we're up 3 -1!!! "
found to get new friends , it is at   '
rt   was standing (and marching ) with the d-day veterans today at the cenotaph in london . very moving . i will not forget them '
i am posting links to all iran news stories /videos/blogs @   '
  yay for canada '
  nope , id need you to be wide awake , anyways . *looks over at poor mason * '
liquid corage   '
i used my magic voodoo witch craft to turn my sister into a chicken ... and it worked ! muhahaha '
  if some 1 online asks a question , i will research & respond with answer . just to be helpful .{resourceful example } '
  yah , that's my only problem with them . but they're great for everyday sketching . "
rt   hr-sinfonieorchester bietet stipendiatenstelle   wien ist anders rso wird aufgelst   '
  who do think will be going home tonight on '
aplausos para la idea de justino mora , nosotros atendemos muy especialmente personas con discapacidad .   '
head bright yellow sleeveless tennis shirt top polo l -   '
khromozomes - another girl '
"senator" boxer-u did not work hard for your title , unless u call laying on your back and an affirmative action bestowed education hard work '
rt   : rt   : any farsi speakers ,based n u .s. awake now w /access 2 skype or aim ? email me pl : saeed .ahmed@cnn.com # ... '
i just took the "miley cyrus " quiz and got : wow :d! try it :   '
  whadditdo ? '
qotd : "peter murphy : goth \'s equivalent to laurence welk !" (just overhead @ pravda re : last week \'s show @ howlin \' wolf .) '
  aaaah meu amr (: parabns ! '
shade trees   '
rt   : photos of today's colorado springs pro xct mens race at cheyenne mountain   <---great shots rob ! fun day ! "
tuition yielding wealth personal finance tips money management advice   '
wey respond dong yang baik hati (?)   '
  '
  just curious why my machine tagged flickr images (e.g.,   aren't showing up yet at   ideas ? "
i was first , - hapy birthday chloe !   '
boleh s - gajah lawan gajah , pelandok .......? (nm)   '
y can't bdays b rescheduled ? rt   :   b day party in la ! come on buddy get it together ! "
dont know what to make for dinner :/ '
  can't take my phone on to the grounds . it's a shame really cuz i look absolutely ballin in coveralls , hardhat , and safety glasses "
new post : mini es night on the town   '
  em so paulo vai ficar nublado , mas esquenta durante o dia . pode levar s 3 casacos ! '
ps3 : sceeandrew houseps 3 ..   '
on the fence : fox virtuality | pretty bitter and jaded : submitted by cmyoungpeter [link] [1 comment ]   '
hehehehehheheh . hi followers ! hehehehh you follow me ! hehehehehhehehehehehehhe '
rt   : the sun is trying to come out . may be a good sign for the rest of my day .[mine too ..... good luck with open house today ] '
rt   : anonymous using its resources to identify basij paramilitary forces so they can be killed -   '
is tired but can't go to sleep ....i aint neva heard of no crazy shit like this .:-/ "
why am i happy ? i'm not even sure ! at face value life is all messed up ! but i'm so joyful ! seems like life is turning to something relatable "
  is that a d minus on my monster bed , or the cat talking ? '
rt :   : '
widow backs safety plans for notorious a35 : a widow who lost her husband on one of dorsets most dangerous rou ..   '
champagne to start our celebrations at easy on fifth ! cheers to carly ! '
foggy friday walk :   '
rt   : rt   : : a little taste of the christian coalition in new england -   [@dymsum] '
: a practical tool for humanitarian workers   '
yaaaaay i'm back ! 8 hours in the car is not fun though . actually it was more like 9 . anyway it's good to be home again . the pow wow was fun . "
  hmm ??? '
rt   : benjamin franklin : "wine makes daily living easier , less hurried , with fewer tensions and more tolerance " a wise man , he '
rt   : love is more powerful than kicking ass . jet li   '
my daily twittascope -   '
your seeing someone so you stop seeing me . i thought we were best friends but i'm wrong . "
i just took the "how old are you in the inside ?" quiz and got : 15 yr old teen ! try it :   '
legit online jobs . one of the top work at home sites for over 3 years !   '
iran : wojsko nie strzelao   '
at home doing some work . comcast just came and hooked up internet , directv coming around noon . drinking a mcdonalds sweet tea . hollaaaa '
go class of '98! rt   : ryan leaf plans to surrender in texas drug , burglary case -   "
in loving memory of ivan ross   '
is someone eating my free minutes ? '
polhome : gordon brown's leadership is a tragedy , says clare short :     "
free new unlocked iphone g3s ! check out site !   apple iphone tgif swine flu '
webhosting :   godaddy traffic blazer -   '
yet another politically incorrect \'too soon \' comment : all men should "beat it " tonight out of respect for michael jackson '
rt   : there's still plenty of time to get in on my iphone 3 gs giveaway -   - "
  i always liked that theme '
colorful summertime makeup tutorialhttp ://bit.ly/summer-makeup '
rt   reportagem com sergio jesus .   '
  things have been confusing my way , hope all is well with you , drop me an email soon ! '
!!! '
: '
"35 years later , bar codes , & scanning , are everywhere now bar codes are scanned billions of times a day " computerworld   '
uups , statt 500 ml nur noch 473 ml ? das groe schummeln mit den verpackungen .   '
  es ms , yo instal un programa llamado universal share downloader que se encarga de bajar los links de rapidshare solito ... '
rt   selon capital , la poste envisage de lancer sa propre offre de tlphonie mobile '
says missing .   '
  - the image didn't work before >.> "
'
rt   it's time to party !!!! welcome to the house of gems sitewarming for www .houseofgems.com "
twitter will gain you more customers , to ultimately drive your online business to explode with more ...http://homeincomeportal.com/ovpmy197 '
: - ..   '
rt iran 3 killed and injured person in yazd's conflict "
just read mrs . stanford's public statement . what incredible dignity given the public nature of her heartbreak :   "
rt nice ...rt   "if i wanted it in my throat , i would \'ve swallowed it ." -   ..   '
rt   glasto observation #7- at their age , shouldn't 'madness' be rebranded as 'dementia'? "
just woke up . hopefully going to get my hair fixed '
i caught   lying on   '
my surprising find of the day ...vera wang is almost 60 !!! how are you 60 and still look 12 ?   '
rt   :                     | ty ! '
oceano em lua de saturno . como assim ?   '
  do it all :). there so many great places . get some last min tix to the symphony with a student discount . visit all the museums '
just completed a mugging job   '
juliana maria estrella acabou de atualizar seu portfolio , confira :   '
rt   : ahhhwwww mothafuckerrr i'm about to go on a helicopter ride yeeeeeeeeeee hahaha "
hey tweet friends ..i trying to figure out what to do with my life today . how many say move to new york ? '
rt   ted strickland wants to cut ohio library budgets by $112 million ... write your representatives !   '
roots down , heads up : with trees sighted by gps and huge ...   '
can i wish for that then ? only without accident . lol . rt   :   careful what you wish for ! it just might come true !! '
work is going soo slow , and i have too much on my mind right now . ugh ! '
competitions vagina   '
bloggged american idol funny quotes video : -   '
a birthday . and an old todd rundgren video to help him celebrate it !   '
  i was hot earlier , but i cooled off so idk x ) blah , i feel sick . '
i sing for u :) high and dry by radiohead   '
  - our developers drink way to much coffee '
attn plz do not use iranian names /twitter id \'s use "rt from iran " !! they \'re being tracked-sabotaged ! thank you ...   '
  -   &   i really hope you have the most amazing b-day :d brazil fan ^..^ '
photoshopdailycheck out the scott kelby blog site - full of great info and embarassing photos !   '
      programa de proteccin de princesas '
'
heat advisor for south florida till 7 pm today ! high near 100 with feel-like near 110 . drink plenty of water !!!   '
clinical nurse iv - columbia , md   '
sda moving from k street to l street this august :   '
  you're welcome ! good job so far ! :d how are you feeling ? i'm pissed that espn won't show doubles :( "
rt   twitterers ! so glad i invested in satellite tv for my pc ! see   '
  - naked juice and an organic apple ..this is what i call a midnight snack ? '
  send your questions into ss '
i'm gathering all the latest videos on the post election protests including global news reports .   "
i guess a child molester (mj) is more important than a freedom-driving democracy in iran . neda lives ! go out and protest ,#iranelection, '
@ sixx_cc   '
'
rt   : rt   rt   rt     amazing of protesters in iran :   '
president sr nathan in istanbul for final leg of turkey visit   '
oops try this link for 5 x5 free photobook   code is onpfree 5 at www .memoryescape.com --retweet>   '
looks like   has lots of citizen journalism going on follow him for on the ground tweets . (via...   '
    - oh my gosh ! carly you look stunning !!! '
woohoo ! new business cards ordered from   '
  can't hear nothing . "
if anyone has two spare tickets for blur   civic for wed night (tomorrow) let me know , im looking for two !!! please rt ! '
good job on   . i know many woman can relate . '
i will do all to ur pleasure   '
w (h)ither broadcast tv ? rt   wow . ad rates for popular shows (eg csi ) higher on hulu real primetime tv --   '
  forcing people to drive less isn't going to work . they need personal accountability . "
  '
brandon jennings on ricky rubio : "i think the dude is all hype ." (video included ).   '
  uk tv is just as odious . last year he was a tragic pervert with a melted face . now he's an american icon /musical genius . "
worst job ever : stripping for the blind . '
  me leva pro baile '
  - chads the garage gang is somethin else . '
lekker thuis aan het werken aan presentatie "omgaan met de media " voor hr-professionals . heb nog steeds napret van tiemersma-actie !! '
  maybe put on your borat outfit , i think it would suit '
doctor tells police about jackson's final moments : los angeles police say they have spoke to the doctor who was ..   "
can't wait !!! rt   : frantically bug testing the new shefinds .com.....coming very soon ....maybe even today "
    4 havin me sayin yuupppppp everytime sum 1 as me a damn question or call my name '
some stories are too good to check out : cape canaveral , fla . wesh 2 news struck a nerve with an ..   '
pic 2 ...   '
sitting on a toilet on holland park avenue . a kid just pointed at me and laughed . '
good morning . we had 95 % success ratio yesterday and we hope to continue this today too . (8 days ago from superchirp .com) '
  '
rt   follow friday   for some interesting fun facts about london '
  dinner with family is always so nice i will have mine next week in mich and then get to see you yippy worth the drive '
  - the bonnevilles and the reverend beatman , last weekend , glasgow , eruption festival '
lol rt   : if i told you i knew a couple called anupam and shiney , you'd think anupam was the guy and shiney was the girl . "
mari heart   '
  i could never look good w /a fro like you do here   very cute ! '
iran election violence "outrageous," obama says - reuters guardian .co.ukiran election violence "outrageous," obama says ..   '
savannah's first tooth came out !!   "
"book related events in sacramento this week , poetry readings , a ..."   '
  '
hahaha , playing some msn games with lisa , haha fun (y) '
feeling exhausted but good after my first day with 12 new young people and kickboxing . hope i can keep this up for next two months ! '
  thanks ! will try tweetdeck when i get back to my pc ! it's a travel wednesday .   "
working away ! preparing for freedom service this weekend ! it's gonna be great ! you all should come . sun , july 5, 10 am , cotr lubbock ! "
rt   : rt   : some lessons in being a reluctant entrepreneur   '
rt   : looking for 1 -2 guest posts for july & aug ...any takers ? anything "frugal foodie " related ! email 5 dollardinners at gmail '
my daily twittascope -   '
  that's disgusting . "
meu deus . o michael jackson morreu ? meu deus ! o : '
im starting with the man in the mirror , im asking him to change his ways . -michael jackson '
line 25 sites of the week for june 19 th 2009   '
ad ::   '
warten '
6 /29 :: soup - texas style chili or vegetarian pasta fagioli '
!   '
latest news : teens charged in robberies : lawrence two topeka teenagers were charged friday in doug ..   '
know a recent high school graduate from the area ? have them check www .nctimes.com -- we have a ton of slideshow photos up now . '
rt :   : para uma reflexo serena ,     (sou do tempo em que estudantes eram rebeldes , minha gente ) '
and this is why they're the best rt   papa johns wont follow rivals and add pasta   "
  nah . '
it is hot here too . we turned on the ac last night for the second time this year . the first time was only for about 30 minutes or so . ack . '
i'm watching 'touki bouki '   "
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   true blood s02e01 megaupload dd : nothing but the blood true .blood.s02e01.hdtv.xvid-notv.avi   '
digital business cards : start poken giveaway - ends midnight wed !!   ...retweet please '
  i'm a zombie like that guy at cheddas "
i totally forgot about my chocolate hl milk in the fridge , it's still new , what a forgetful me -.-;; "
  i loved the photo's , love your blog , you give excellent adv "
new blog post : david ziser talks photography   '
regarde le jour se lever sur lyon . '
  stay classy '
my daily twittascope -   '
  here they are :   '
  i's no big deal - there are 50 people in that shot - someone is bound to have their eyes closed . i swap eyes all the time . "
cenu oskra epana zskal andrs csfalvay   '
nieuw : in verkoop : 8 maanden eengezinswoning , bouwjaar 1974, perceelopp . 303 m2 , woonopp . 201 m2 , inhoud 605 m3 , 5 sla ..   '
rt   took a nap . had a dream . rick adelman was krumping . battier was river dancing . t-mac blew his knee out tap dancing . '
sweet peas floral print   '
cue sheets '
rt   : it's munch time . "
rt   :   (via   /great pic of protester helping injured police officer . '
goodnight to all and to all a goodnight '
neda , i am honored & humbled to have seen the cell video of your last moments , but did not mean to intrude , may you rest in peace . '
  no . he just made a shocking discovery . '
  omgah jerry ferrera i adore him '
trots van de dag , de twee dames van playing 4 succes . het nieuwe leercentrum in het philips stadion   '
  yeah thats true {second thoughts not good } dude {tries to relax } forget it '
new blog post : guide to small business finance basics   '
a goat could eat the weeds in our garden & the overgrown part on the sidewalk !   '
does anybody care what i write ? '
rt   : on this day in history - 1940, the soviet union occupied lithuania , latvia , and estonia '
rt   : who's all invited to this party ...i never got an invite ! "
edited my post : how to promote food production in evony   ://zz.gd/f8962e '
coffee shop \\ cup ,coffee,insld,16oz,bge   '
  it's official ! iphone 3 g s is not only faster than the previous iphone 3 g , but faster than the palm pre of course ! "
lesen und weitersagen :   (via   ) '
  '
cynthia steffe resort 2010 : creative director shaun kearney wanted to convey a relaxed spirit for cynthia steffe ..   '
  thank you very much . i need to hear these encouraging words ! =) '
check this video out -- {new}twilight character theme songs   '
rt   loa thought for the day : concentrate on being and doing and the having will take care of itself . '
  i changed my picture jussss for you ! :d '
public enemies : dillinger's exploits had a cinematic , bigger-than-life arc - he staged daring jail breaks , t ..   "
  '
  i am heading to the 'spot' now ...chik-fil-mother-friggin-a...btw, you aren't drinking alone , you are with the bopperz "
miranda im 0.8 .1     '
  '
rt   : yesterday , was n cotabato and tonight in eastwood . it feels like i have been to 2 different countries . divides are deep . '
just another great site for money--making sources !   '
playing in the office : sungha jung's acoustic billie jean .   "
fierce battles and high casualties on the frontlines of afghanistan : troops fight for security and safe ..   '
frakking stupid 12 hour system of measuring time ... '
schauen ! stecknadel / pin   '
  you people are creating a dangerous atmosphere with this kind of talk . if he were white , you wouldn't care where he was born . "
can anyone point to a single foreign-policy success for this new administration ? '
sitting here waiting for my boyfriend to call me .. '
i finnally have shoes !! yay !! *cheers for self *...oh how mundane . '
rt     : strong storms approaching the metro . gusts to 50 mph possible . severe t'storm warnings in effect for brevard & sumter "
@ gigipark have had that happen too '
thatcher effect fools monkeys ...now that is a powerful legacy ...   '
. , ;). , , , . ! '
tl [] '
rt   : sarkozy , chirac , balladur , karachi , les secrets d'tat et le secret-dfense ...   (via   ) "
this is why i love   : rt my slogan for fictional professional ping-pong league : "big hearts , tiny balls ." '
weather -> current conditions from cristiansted (alex. hamilton ), cristiansted , vi   '
join our facebook group =&gt;   '
  francesa needs a co-host that understand nl ball . as much as dog was a giants fan , he at least produced a balance . i miss him . '
  keep on , you guys are doing great . u .s.a. '
loved it , evan is awesome !rt   :   omg this first number is soooo darling ! '
  anem mion justo hoje q matei aula ... aush '
rt   ky bourbon marinated tri-tip and garlic buttered white corn on the grill , stone fruit crostada in the oven . good to be home ! '
over half of all entrepreneurs fail miserably .here's how to avoid becoming 1 of them .   "
rt   : letterman protest fail :   || guess couldn't be bothered to leave their mama's basements . "
download mixtapes , watch videos , and more at   '
    - damn we're hot !!!! "
eu conheo um cara , que eu gosto do que ele era , no do que ele ! '
i \'m the only who wrote an outline . the other two said "they didn \'t know what i meant by outline " wtf ?! how did you get into bschool ? '
  its always sunny n southern cali ...wow what a day chillin by pool '
  pretty good man ! '
twmonkey new !   '
lydiard times ! (y) '
love the new show .......... "the philanthrophist " '
trying to figure this thing out :/ '
anberlin - the feel good drag - gnsacjwx 3 ic digg sang :drool: refrenget er rett og slett sykt bra !   '
just changed my twitter background , check it out ! found it at   '
porcelain for sale - antique meissen cherub angel porcelain figurine - old - go to   '
  bri !!! i miss thee !!! '
rt   hj tem sorteio da caixa de som porttil do cio 2007 !!! siga e concorra '
  thank you for the rt 3 years is way too too long ! freedom for !!!!!! how are you my friend ??? '
  - como ven chequen al ponton region 4 '
so der tag ist schon wieder fast vorbei , es regnet in ; rufnummerportierung hat geklappt , iphone bestellt nun darf ich weiterwarten .. '
at last a simple , profitable system to follow , this is a roadmap to riches , don't pass it up   "
boy hit by meteor , lives   '
sei que tinha que atualizar o blog . mas preferi pintar as unhas dos ps ! =p '
father's day 2009 #2 the geochristian : we have a taste of this now in our fellowship with god through chri ..   "
ringtone , players sa blog , fb , multi , frdstr papalitan ko na lahat ng "fight the bad feeling " of bof ost ! may ...   '
  amei sua fotu vc tah mto linda =** '
freelance analog /engineering/java project , $1000 budget , decode bitstream from a wav file   '
rt please take a few seconds minutes whatever out of your day to pray for the people in iran . just close your eyes & ... '
katerine - overdrive : tracklist : 01 . upon the catwalk 02 . treat me like a lady 03 . shut your mouth 04 ...   '
if you need more followers , give this a try   - plz rt '
metro accident ....obama announces $80 billion pharma .... ntsb eyeing subway standard ...   '
damn so hot '
on 06 /25/2009 at fairy stone - hammer printing   '
interesting and somewhat scary recovery low-down from a man i've ...   "
  aww thanks sweetheart :) '
  isso foi um post de 12 /03/2006 num blog de humor .. medo ! '
sa mai stam in teambuilding ?...     '
  if these things are good , that goes on , but if doesn't , pray for their go out of your life ... "
i've got new article ! come n read @   "
francana : daniel grando ser principal atleta da parceria   '
it's been ws sad week for hollywood ... "
  really ? haha who's 15 ? "
celtic gannon offered well job : motherwell have confirmed they have offered their vacant managerial positi ..   '
doctor twitter brought my profile back to life   '
just wokeee uppp letss play tennis ??? '
  naw babes been on meds so i been chilln gve my fingerz msum rest lol .. but im feelnnn good now '
cbm news : netsuite , netbooks , michael jackson and social media in crm   '
the collegecrasher dorm store . buy your stuff for your dorm , or just browse around to see what you'd like .   "
  as ahmadinejad tightens grip in iran , mousavi faces tough choices '
  ,   read this blog post ! he needs to know about     '
  in order to change my financial life , itunes needs to be removed from my computer and i need to move away from the arden mall . '
i love the energies of crystals and their inherent beauty . learn a simple , down-to-earth , intuitive approach ...   '
s 2 ft @ 16.7 sec - 9 :43pm america /los_angeles '
  hi baby ...whatcha doing ? love you '
rt   :   w / the sweetness !   - we put up the new one today   '
i sleep too much maybe . '
news aus rotenburg : lomo-kreuzung : staus bis herbst   '
lmao -- rt     i also want to train you in an old martial art called "never call a black dude a faggot jitsu ." '
what to do with the rest of my night ?? '
  i love picking up the pieces ! one of my favorite blue october songs '
just put up a beautiful tanzanite - top gem at gemrock auctions ....   '
rt   : de   al sharpton , sitchoazzdownsumwhere !....that is all . sincerely , bkbap . * i second that * '
kids lose their summer break due to impenetrable bureaucratic mess : a bureaucratic boondoggle in the western san ..   '
speed , busch enjoy daytona prototype test - grand-am   '
make real money through twitter   '
  via   '
linkin park we will rock you -   park   '
is now a trending topic on twitter search . cool eh ? '
, morreu ... '
life's personal challenges helping others to help themselves ...   "
www .kensfi.com - itunes starts selling 1 st porn app '
is world of warcraft this serious   '
new : the llanelli star (http://cli.gs/eltt22) '
'
an introduction to organic skin care | best allergy treatment   '
what is showing on ino tv when i get home ? click here to find out   '
just set up a service for tapeandcode . text tapeandcode to dotcom (368266) to see it for yourself ! '
rt   : meet comedian lewis black , author of me of little faith ! discussion & signing at b &n 86 th &lexington, 7 pm   ... '
sunday afternoon is good for cricket training . i bet it rains on us . rains soo good . '
i just took the "how good of a friend are you ?" quiz and got : best friend forever ! try it :   '
lurk my blog .   '
rt   wdywt   ya boi been feelin da runners dis week !:   '
  the disheveled look is what's poppin for female singers , even tho zoe was on point   "
  bet shld pick up the game because they have so many story lines to be explored and can reach a wide audience '
  get on skype ! i wanna chat '
build your list for free , grow your followers by thousands in only days :   '
rt   more than 60 % of people wouldn't give up their ipod , even if it ruined the environment :   "
rt   : the lyrics for "freebird" were taped down on the stage . '
  and there's nothing so believable / passionate as a former skeptic or someone who just discovered how wrong they were . "
climbing the ladder to longevity : critical enzyme pair identified - eurekalert (press release ): climbing the lad ..   '
dj neil armstrong on jay z and asian djs   '
continuing to study ! '
keep pets cool , comfortable during summer   '
rt   :   a good dragon . he just suffered from ignitivitis which was a sensitive fire ignitor . '
everyone turn to showtime on demand and order shaq and cedrics comedy special . '
oh my god country bars are so amusing '
scout : commit highlights : torian box   '
pra fechar a nostalgia session of montreal instigante   '
up way to early to get to the pdx airport . lyrics "how could you be so dr .evil" keep playing in my head . '
watch bernake lie err ..i mean "not remember "   '
found this interesting .   '
you can create your own traffic explosion any time you like and as often as you want '
i want to participate in the jonasbrothes contest by saynow =d awesome !!! '
daddy got his eyes dilated , but i scored the glasses !   '
meg n rocco   '
fixin to take the fam to dinner ...red devil here we come ! '
  '
    - what the hell is that nasty ass crust on herr bottom lip . ewwww she needs to be off this world . gross ! '
  ok , this is the cutest thing ever :   '
wordpress theme mmozine : details | demo | download features   '
or 5 ... '
  good luck bro .   '
  je moest eens weten hoe geweldig hard ik hiet zit te lachen in me eendje , welke michiel is dit eigelijk ? '
  r u going to come back to brooklyn ny for a signing for your new book ?? '
i just took the "which mcfly member are you most like ?" quiz and got : tom fletcher ! try it :   '
rt   : i love my bg :) thanx   ! anytime . '
horay , sleep not damaged by visions of morlocks . just one massive cat invasion '
now playing : randy houser - boots on -- listen live : www .bit.ly/3ud3zc -- mp3 :   '
  watching the history channel and drinking coke with a lot of ice &lt;===the perfect day ..... '
photo : theduty :   '
rt   :   - trina b .e.t award after party at tatou june 28 th , pre sale tix $25, get'en now ! please re ... "
  he would and he would . :) we had french onion soup and tea in his honor too . now for the ice cream portion of our program ! '
helder '
rt   : follow my pimpin patnaz -->@msmaisha                 '
  wraith food bank ? '
eric &#39;s bad movies : &#39;the neverending story iii &#39; (1994)   '
rt   : making it feel real is what it's all about .! "
'
padre ccero . prximo livro de lira neto sai pela companhia das letras   '
brokencyde - booty call feat . e -4) yeah ! "get nasty girl get nasty !!(4x)" '
'
  real-time feed and interaction begin at usa 9 am to 9 pm est   '
  great day at work !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! '
what country singer are you ? / quiz school   '
packing and cleaning , oh i can hardly wait ! '
rt   : my new site is live !   by   '
  worried about this : vote manipulation =excuse for israel to say "see, iranian ppl do hate us ",   '
fb rt : shally 4 linkedin events : create virtual career day & invite target prospects , + u get 2 keep attendee list ! . '
  - hey , cowboy ! *winks*:p '
crazy lightning & pouring rain ! '
is going 2 dinner with alyssa and sarah . then the cantey awards at rlt . :d '
excalibur electronics air compressor and vacuum - 12 v - $24.99 -   '
  - suspension pt . 2 '
'
loons u say ? the hell u say ! *sugar*j rt   lazy lightning bugs are cool but come on up to nh and hear the loons ...now thats good stuff '
  lol story of my ife ! '
gol - malt   '
  is the truebloodclub following u now ? '
sleep tight twitter bugs !! one chea '
  check out loch on eminem's new site eminemofficialsite .ning.com "
21 :45: 7 - 2 '
rt iran eye witness of massacre lalezar sq . / baharestan on cnn !   the world must hear this !!!! please rt ! '
well , i guess private lessons kind of count since i have to go to one in a few hours . kind of feels like it's cutting my celebrations short . "
96 ford bronco , would trade for ford conversion van (eudora) $3000   '
julio lugo is 4 for 4 today . is this a sign that hell is freezing over ? '
  and when exactly did he "seize" chrysler ? and what about gm \'s board approving the process ? weak '
wow . just wow . rt   : rt   : 4 -year-old got batman symbol tattooed on his arm , artist jailed   '
: "   '
just saved $33.81 this week by not smoking cigs . almost $2000 in the next year . bam-bam bam '
snow white took over ---- it is fairytale week ! question of the day : snow white (6) or cinderella (3)?! '
flying (no way , u can also post other folks pics ? genius !)   '
tiedeuutinen : aurinkovoimalla lentvn enntyskoneen prototyyppi esitelty : kuumailmapallolla maapal ..   '
new stuff : at y107nashville .com - the tribute site   '
rt   in washington dc on george straits tour ! we are having fun on blake's bus with everyone !!!   "
talkback : got pictures of your pets ? e-mail us and we'll show them off : youreport   .com. here's some pics -   "
yes yes i'm a trey lover ...o wut can i say ...hehe "
the guardian has 91996 pages of mp's expenses and asks you to review them ! is there another duck island ?   "
  haha have u told her this request ? lmao '
fed deficit - projected $59t and growing $3t/year. the only way out is your vote in 2010 and on . '
: ? . . samolet [: ]   '
rt   : rt   "if" insurance tries their hand at creating a viral with elisabet hglund . fails .   '
rt myfoxnationprogram pays girls $1 per day to not get pregnant : a buck-a-day --... read more :   '
new song posted on our myspace go check it out !   '
  happy bday missy !!! '
since when did tmz become a reliable source ? '
rt   dates : faculty early career development (career) program : full proposal deadline date : july 21, 20 ..http://tinyurl.com/nu9xgx '
facebook   '
interesting convo .   '
just had a great lunch with director oz scott (csi, cold case , medium ). he is directing our next psa for   . '
'
rt   : the doc has spoken ! she must have seen it   .... released - phew !(3 cheers ) '
in moscone -- finally ! in san francisco , ca   '
  ethan will be one of the red dots !!!! '
master the song of katy perry (thinking of you ) and the version to the jonas brothers they i have left adores wonderful it '
went to a parenting presentation and discovered , amazingly , we're actually doing some things right .   "
  show some luv for sendin u some jokes , 'shaqalier'. come on man .. "
is desperate for some sushi today '
happy happy it's friday .. don't know why i'm happy , but what the f ... i am anyway ... "
  i had one today from sonic !! they are yummy :) '
aint she clean ?! finally washed my dirty ass car ..   '
omg why the flip is everyone in my house up ? i mean go to sleep ! lol '
  votei tom brady *------* auhau '
you what everything mj -- check this out   '
  submit your articles here '
  logitech mx518 . about a million buttons that you'll never use . "
  should we let sam in ? :"$ '
new blog post : have channel 4 ruined the uk's chance of clearing out chav celebrity ?   "
beauty for ashes : spurgeon echoes burroughs   '
rt   : solstice sing for peace this sunday - details :   '
piff -check bottles - check ...home cooked food -check ... '
happy father's day .: i love my dad . he is as great a father as anybody could have . hope you all have a wonderful ..   "
: 5 : : 5 ..   '
  - oohh my goddd '
footballfancast .com the confederations cup has certainly not been a dull affair : football fa ..   '
  cue music ..bow chica wow wow '
rt   hello my friends , let's start giving back please . help the kids fight against hunger in 40 countries including usa w ... "
tales weaver bgm esti '
o sadio e o podre   '
rt   has a new blog up (who knew disney world doubled as a psychological treatment center ?).   '
decontructing media bias : fairspin twitter launches   '
  thanks for making awesome music ! cannot wait to see you in aug in st . petersburg ! '
have a nice day ... '
  arnold was still the lesser of two very evil evils . '
rt   :   what's in my pocket dawg .. micheal jordan dunkin <--- riflkmao !!!! "
  rt   o maior clssico de todos . amanh ! qual o seu fla-flu inesquecvel ? s pode ser esse :   '
fun ! rt   :   i hate to say it , i would kill to ride in roosevelt \'s wheelchair . and make "vroom" noises around the house . '
links , rechts feat . italo reno by curse :   '
+++ revista tendencias fashionmag +++ -   '
rt   jim leyland has benched magglio ordonez indefinitely & wants to get maggs "away from it all "   '
rt from iran : i don't know whr 2 start w ,1st they attack our peacful memorial gathering in front of the university w water gun "
rt - hundreds : ... (http://bit.ly/eowsx '
ich freue mich auf morgen abend :-) '
live local bands (sons of ralph , ect ), dunk booth , moon house . great food donated by local restaurants '
national examiner freelance writer examinercom dallas tx freelance ...: national examiner freelance writer - exa ..   '
  your hella far blahh '
playing a show in juneau , ak today around 7 :00 pm at centinal hall   '
style , cool , fab   and very nice to know ! '
check this video out -- say it right remix (prod. by urban noize )   '
  haha ... ok ... man skal vel ha ' sit daglige twit-fix :) "
rt   : wow !   is breaking html email by using word to display emails in outlook 2010 . see   and rt '
rt   : you're never to young to change the world . you have to watch this :   "
rt   omg ! cnn just broadcasted the unedited version of neda's death ! wow . good for them . deserved 2 b seen . "
day time tv sucks '
  -   ... the pom and choc chips was great but the mochi ? a gooey , nasty mess . booooooo . '
rt freedomoftweet "truth never damages a cause that is just ." -gandhi '
im o so bored right now i desperately need somethin 2 do ! '
  oh boy ! i'm glad i didn't go with you . he would have been such a bad influence on me . "
salu 8 www '
rt   : give awareness to the wholeness of life and the law of nature that always seeks balance . '
touring the ultimate 'green' house   "
rt   : all the details on the   &   twitter contest here --->http://bit.ly/16vtqy you have until 6 p ... '
inspired by the legends of the mexican wrestling ring ...   '
charlie and lola   '
no news on my side , but reading , rt and wishing greens on all of you   '
go on jason he's one of my chums rt   :   me :) "
  haha your throat ! lmao . failurrre . my burn will hopefully go away . i fucking hope . it's already itchy , ahah "
  '
caramba ! o dbsk canta muito bem ao vivo . parece estdio (tirando a pronuncia do ingles xd )! respeito eles ainda mais agora ! *-* '
56 % win probability (+14% change ) after matt kemp single off andrew bailey . 3 -4 in the 8 th .   '
just got in line to replace city sticker .............this is going to take forever '
found an app to mute the camera shutter sound for the   '
tough to win kashmir's heart with guns in hand   "
  a wonderful sketch by carmen keys   '
pentax k -7 final firmware v 1.0 is available . early issues of preproduction model are solved - test images at high iso :   '
    - what dou you think &gt;? '
rt   : just found out that i am being driven round the track later ... details to follow .who will you be cheering on '
x -(   '
    awwww ! i wish we can convert them to blip .fm! we'd be the bomb ! "
google contest celebrates airborne wifi with virgin america :   '
preparando todo para el viaje ... carora halla vamos   antes de ir me quisiera verte puta ! nos vemos a las 7.30 en el job de andres '
  i think i have around 95 albums on there ! '
sorry i forgot to include the pic !   '
http and mobile web : sorry but i don't know the type of web documents on the mobile device : does the support of ..   "
rt : text and video from save service in mass . rally             '
jus bout 2 hit da bed ...good nite world and 2 all tweeties-diz onez for michael jackson '
just in - the evertonfc .com podcast : latest podcast with howard kendall & academy m ..   '
  is there a twitter app that allows me to plot data from excel onto twitter ? '
who needs capital reporters ? all we need are these guys and a camera .   '
traduo : ol ! como esto ? '
  - waaa now i know .. that sitting position in the green grass is familiar ... you look like romeo in love story ! ... '
  yeah especially now that there is nothing on during the week . '
devellano should be in hall : from the detroit free presswhen steve yzerman started thanking people tuesday after ..   '
  haha im sitin here with webebca frost are u guys like bffls ahhahaaaaaaaaa '
world fusion concert : brian prunka , tim green and helen gillet ...   '
check out   to pass some time when bored . also check out and follow   '
rt   : girlfriend part 2   &   check it out ...   '
can't wait to check the news on monday !   "
how inmates in philippines did `thriller' video tribute (watch it )   "
  no h nada melhor q praticar ioga com o nascer do sol uhasuhasuhasuh '
we'll let you pause for a minute to do so . ha . rt   :   that would be a neat trick ! lol ! "
shes afraid of losing her job - tiene miedo de que la despidan . play   '
these photos are so inspiring ! rt   timothy adam designs   '
time to upgrade .. - the photo forum - photography discussion forum : hi all , i currently have a sony cyber-shot d ..   '
yall fall thru &support da big bruh eliseo !: 6 /30/2009 9 :30 pm at official "captain hook " mixtape release party & concert   '
  lol i gathered that from the context - but wondered if that was some new detroit slang lol '
im so hung over but im not tired '
reading : quilt symposium - cullman times online   '
learnmassage :       free massage therapy training www .learnmassa ... |   '
ser que um dia eu vou conseguir assar alguma coisa sem me queimar no forno ? '
j to na segunda temporada de true blood ! alguem sabe quando sai novos episodios ? '
yes lizzy , since those days i have an love affair with an small animal which is living behind the fan .   '
rt   rt tomorrow '
ask me not what i have , but what i am . heinrich heine '
rt   " ? _   " '
i'm so worried about pilar right now :( "
  asia leads in broadband growth '
  hi , great product for weight loss name ez slim , all natural herbal formula . go to www .getezslim.com '
rt   : wow , murphy-goode winery (@areallygoodjob) just screwed   (even though he won most votes )   '
[bbc feed ] dream debut for new singer pixie : newcomer pixie lott knocks the black eyed peas off the to ..   '
internet marketing firm twif marketing selected by small business ...: i &#39;m confident that our company will b ..   '
  dear frank . thanks for follow me :) tell ur mum you were in a special photo in hull --->   love anna x '
fax djjus '
como as enzimas se reproduzem ? fica uma enzima da outra ... '
  - you have received a new message '
sneezing left right and centre today :-/ '
alikhani speaks in iranian parliament in support of mousavi , denounces stolen result   '
rt   : rt   : worry does not empty 2 morrow of its sorrow . it empties 2 day of its strength .-c.t.boom '
la verdad no justifico la forma en que se llevaron al presidente de honduras , ni lo que estn haciendo ahorita ...pero tambin se pas '
  did not see where this can be done . are you already planning to attend ? '
*sigh* donnie , the correct order is write the blog , post it , and then announce it ... '
rt   :missed my bus stop . damn you , california gold rush ! '
  - its all on my head :d '
  i will be cruising with you next year for sure ....dramamine here i come .. '
says sebelum off doa dulu biar rapot besok bagus amin :) (bye) (bye)   '
      '
'
rt   : rt   : here's our report tonight on abc world news   "
"do you know of any famous people who are your friends ?" "well of course , i know petewentz , cassadeepope , gabesaporta .. virtually ." '
dharma's diigo : the 100 most essential folk songs : tags : music posted by : dharmavoyager   "
huss hungry for runs (sportal): more so than any other batsman in the australian squad , michael hussey will be h ..   '
ql o celular dos seus sonhos ? celulares do futuro ...   '
voltei abasteceido ,agora t pronto pra fika + 1 dcada akiii ..kkkkkk '
  vhadi !!!! '
team uniforms usa , is a leading online store with a full line of all sporting goods , at affordable pricing - rush shipping available ! '
              '
now at     '
news : transformers rotf debut earnings in japan and the uk   '
now - candlelight vigil in austin , tx - june 22, 9 -10pm, at lamar bridge on town lake   rt rt '
i'm going to take you out tonight , i'm gonna make you feel all right ... "
  "klaxons play secret glastonbury show in full fancy dress costume " - fotos :   '
  boston skyline views from jp beauty ! $599k 3 bd 2 bath '
new blog post : us owes one billion dollars to pak for nato fuel supplies : pak un envoy   '
  '
feel like jump roping   '
mike tyson's blog : next entry getting married ! :   "
rt   rt   : rt :   : e-mail and call stop posting twitter names on tv ! (stop) coverage is good , treachery ... '
.. blg na sy6 , blg na cinta , tp kug nyakitin mulu .. '
goodnight '
says her karma dropped .   '
ecclestone propone a las escuderas eliminar el lmite presupuestario : fuente : la vanguardiasilverston ..   '
rt   tt : mko terrorists backed by c .i.a and brit intelligence leading iran riots   '
drinks with brett ! '
  ... .... .... .... '
rt   : 30 minutes until facebook username land grab begins . what are you going to try to pick ? // how about duckbilledplatypus ? '
3 killed in drive-by at motorcycle fundraiser   '
watching linebarrels of iron 1 on crunchyroll !   '
  not really son son ; cuz ii went to sleep already . dat means iim qonna b up all niteeee .. lol ....!!! '
check out my cover of kanye's amazing @ www .deesha.com "
rt   : 12 + mj fans have committed suicide since his death   - fek ! '
cool animated explanation of lightning :   '
playing a show in miami beach , fl at 7 :00 pm today at the shore club   '
siel-cup prize for an essay on international econ . law   '
  i knoes but the producers don't even care , they're bringing everyone back and they don't even know yet how they're gonna do it ha "
interviewed sum 1 2 day 4 a mrktng support position . gr8 chrctr & very trainable . rt   : hire character . train skill . peter schutz '
rt iran : we r getting videos from various cities now . this is babol :   '
rt   : nothing like the fresh smell of tweet in the morning ...oh and theres an amazing free saint motel show tonite @ spaceland !!! '
tube blaster gather friend ids from browsing the channels , video pages , friend lists , or any other area of youtube .   '
whoa ! look out ! :   '
rt only in flint does a drunken brawl break out at chuck e . cheese   (via mlive ) '
our site is front page on google . londoneroticmassage - free advertisment available !! visit   '
went to summer school this morning . took this afternoon off . it was great to take a nap . what do i make for supper ? '
rt :   : everyone vote !   '
well hopefully we start this summer ..its all acoustic stuff :] then we'll see where it goes ..love it &lt;3 "
herald : bain case cost crown law $1.2m, mps told : the david bain prosecution cost crown law $1.2 million ,..   '
marjanovi : "o cvetkoviu odluuje uo ": predsednik rukometnog saveza srbije , velimir marjanovi , zadovoljan je n ..   '
rt   rt rawdawgbuffalocheers to all the folk who watched the thriller video until they learned the whole dance - d ... '
rt   : iranian state television has announced they will recount the vote . (via   ) (via   ) '
that must be   rt   :   mentioning the graphic designer who works from home generating us $2000 a month '
holy moly im getting so many followers from :   '
holy screaming epiphanies batman !!! hopefully i'll get time to blog about this stuff tomorrow ... all stuff !   ... "
hatena ::bookmark::konaze(2009-06-15) (http://tinyurl.com/n5p8ot) '
says haga la venganza   '
hmm ... who am i gonna dedicate my 1000 th tweet to ? :) '
04 :01 - red falcon is leaving southampton '
riding through the city . ac on high . hollaring at my partna nem . what's good for tonight atl "
  - n . ohio is pretty cool . lotsa green . bout to stop for the night . '
why do i hate cleaning the kitchen so much ? i can clean any other room in the house w /no problem ! '
rt :   : twiiter ,| '
o sonho da casa prpria nunca esteve to prximo , verdade ?   '
under test : dahon m uno   '
gift ideas for musicians : www .musicwear.com - wonderful gifts related to music like guitar , bass , piano , drums , violin , sax '
you had to know this was coming : rt   : peta miffed at obama's fly 'execution'   "
(the metaverse journal ) "an open letter on virtual worlds for senator conroy "   (via   ) '
real estate news   '
working , then home , then ssssssssssslllllllllllleeeeeeeeeppppppp ! woo hoo ! 2 days off ! '
teenager who left friend brain damaged is locked up (http://cli.gs/ysnzrh) '
reading what openehr has to say about ontologies :   '
  o yeah ? what kind of fish are u interested in ? here is a bunch   '
  i would bring out an underground team of artists called hoodstreetz they reallyy have good tracks check them out hoodstreetz .com '
    - haha ..roses, roses ..roses..and hannah montana !! haha cool !! '
favorited a lol 'screw my cholesterol ...'   "
rt tonight ! street sweeper social club on jimmy fallon ! 2 moro : sssc's video premiere on mtv 2 ! "
socialism or your money back : the real pirates ?   '
magic video : tinring - onlinemagicclub .com diary of a magician !   '
sorry for the short appearance ...gotta go clean the kitchen -- bbl xoxo '
retail store management - al - mobile - mobile , al   '
take coverrrrr ! stupid storm . and here i am getting my haircut . haha . what to get , what to get ? (: '
philipcarroll :   "with a 5 year old with autism , church can be a \'scream\'. literally . patience is a virtue right ?" rt '
vitality wins 2   technology awards for devices and usability   '
'
sto cercando di capirci qualcosa ... in genere '
hi ! rt   rt hey !! i swear to god !!! you will love this !!!   hey !! '
haha too true rt   : oh , wow . i know what all of us were doing late on a friday night in summer . '
rt :   our shots from last night's dave matthews band show   - see who we spotted :   "
i just took the "stranded on island with which nkotb member " quiz and got : jordan knight ! try it :   '
new on wave 3 .com: david camm to get third trial   '
has killed the elbo room . now to manslaughter funky buddha lounge !! friday , june 3 rd . 728 w . grand ave . 9 am -2pm. no cover password :80'sbabie "
  - ya boi ! (the rules don't apply to me ) "
  - here we go . mj 2 nd line towards claibor '
    from the dude that did shadow of the colossus .   '
didnt know i could make so much money on the side being a hotel shuttle driver some guests will buy anything for a good time ..lol '
i have a fancy for the lions . at 12 /5 for the series i would be a backer . if they win the first test then lay for a free ride . '
so much good music . i'm behind on listening to so many tracks /mixtapes/downloads "
internet marketing book - strategies for succeeding online ...   '
rt     : farrah fawcett donates much of her legacy to shelters for abused women :   [bless her } '
rt   :   what does "out of stock " or "back-ordered" actually mean ? - helen .oster@adoramacamera.com   '
~ a cool glass of lemonade on a warm summer day . '
when u gotta shyt and there's no bathrm around ... "
  thanks for streaming - wow is this great !   '
  thanks '
stoked ! just found /followed a bunch of racing folks . i am so excited ! :) lovin all the inspirational women out there who love drag racing ! '
manifestao contra o aumento da passagem em juiz de fora - amanh , 16 de junho , s 12 h em frente a cmara municipal . (rt!) '
  how do you do that ? '
taking my dad to london with my youngest-he was head of lighting at the eno .. showing him how its all changed over there '
rt animal twitter for recruiters & jobhunters -     rt   -   '
taking a shower :) '
...   '
    meu amor no colrio da capricho again . '
illumination - change '
hotti 3 : helloooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo '
rt sittin at the dads   '
nintendo ds lite handheld game system coral pink mint : us $93.00 (0 bid ) end date : saturday jun -20-2009 16 :29:05..   '
"al final el alcohol termina siendo una solucin para todo " '
ist grad beim tqw farewell fuer sigrid gareis . milli bitterli sagt mit volksmusik adieu ;-) '
  be sure to put dave matthews & the dead on in the background while hackysacking . '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   : rt   : rt   easing the shortage in adult is it all about money ?   nejm '
  thou shalt not touch this '
  ugh hershey pie thats wayyyy better then what i had yuummmmyyy :dlol alrighty ill ask erika some time this week lol '
  oh that is so great ! i expect a full report chronicling said weekend of awesomness as soon as you get back , lol . '
  where do you find these "screamer" pix ??? lmao '
rt   : blog post "griffon news roundup "   '
yikes ! rt   david archuleta's father busted for soliciting prostitute :   "
rt   : "you\'ve got bad eating habits if you use a grocery cart in a 7 -11" dennis miller '
rt   fellow iphone devs : be scared , really scared !   '
rt   : this should be a nationwide law for cyclists   '
rt   jay z told b .e.t. he would'nt preform if chris brown did . . . . . . guess who won ?-> if that shit is true jay u did ah big shit ! "
a wonderful video metaphor explaining the early adopters of a technology (process of innovation diffusion ):   '
new post : keyboard cat is dead :(: keyboard cat is dead . god bless you , kc . grade : untouchable .   '
2 many'sdj set   "
how to make your eyes look bigger -   '
  exclusive : lil wayne-kobe bryant-official video   9 minutes ago '
ahhhhhhhh ....mitchel musso is on t .v. ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ......lol ! hahahahahaha '
shld be verb 4 some company benefitting off some facet of your existence unbeknownst 2 u , harmlessly   '
rt   : spartan fans ! you are going to love this new must see football video   '
rt   join pam mon , june 15 8 -9 am on kknw 1150 am new event to be announced during show !   - pam dm me 2 discuss '
rt   : show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
how much is obama cutting from his budget ?   '
rt   :   unless she means "does her " does her . then tell   i \'m on my way ....lotc....laffinonthecouch '
rt   : to catch lots of fish , you must first go to the water ~ unknown (very interesting quote to share )   '
melody i love you !!! you is the best pussycat doll ! your voice is very very beautiful !! '
high-level data architect /sql dba - birmingham , al (http://tinyurl.com/mf3ezu) get architect jobs '
    you guys don't even know   "
just finished post-processing some photos , getting ready to post them to flickr .   '
benefits of magnetic jewelry :   '
i just took the "which mcfly members girlfriend could you be ?" quiz and got : danny ! try it :   '
  mmm ...good verse . i think i \'m gonna go "build my house up " by cleaning it now ! :) '
the completeprofitsystem .com cash cranking website ..   '
you can do these tests at home . but you will not have anyone to explain what the results really mean . [url=http://www.misawadailyphoto.com/c '
castronomia da asporto (piersilvio succede a fidel ).   '
rt   : there are so many ways to generate free leads , which strategy is the best ?...   '
bless you noah , bless you noah , bless you noah ! (: '
verve online searching for body-building secrets exercise in futility - intersportswire : searching f ..   '
photo : nicolasgut :   '
  paying my dues '
rt   scgop fail : via tpm , scgop op admits to tweet that sez obama \'s taxing aspirin bc "it\'s white & it works "   '
15 must read articles for css beginners   '
oy ! rt   : good morning ! more oppressive heat today with a high of 97 . heat index : 105 -110! heat advisory in effect ! stay cool ! '
who needs such a weather ? it's supposed to be summer !   "
rt   : anybody know of a decent free sample based piano vst ? > try giga piano here     '
summer solstice passes peacefully - yahoo ! news uk   '
'
rt   : qu te apuestas a que como vaya yo lo encuentro ? '
  fine ! how are you ? '
rt   : noel burgener 12 _ missing _ alaska to states   '
  please pass my new single grind flu along here is the link to it   '
can we say alumni ??? '
steal a house   most tweeted . will definitely blow your feet away lol ... '
  damn women , you have the nicest covers . i loved the last one you just posted too . '
find meh on aim brndnbombastic '
esperanza--gomera 0 -0 mi 30, buena entrada , mal arbitraje (que raro ) '
sore all over ...but it hurts so good ! haha :) '
lost cities : daring adventure for two simple rules and depth of play make for a great family game   '
  - let's get this on twitter as a trending topic ! help me out ! "
panda's !!!!!!!!!! so freakin random but texting on jessie's phone is awesome ! she has a lot of friends ! tht r cool ! "
i would have nominated tim howard , the man of the match ...hmmm   '
17 videos matching : "autodesk 3 d max " were found by magnify .net and ...   '
oh man , this week wasn't good . first , the iran , some days later , michael jackson and farraf fawcett . :/ "
boku mobile payments demo video :   '
  before reformatting and losing all your settings and maybe data , check this out :   '
rt                       '
  ill make sure to give nitty your mug today .... :( but u petty ! lls   '
luigi's at the beach has some good pizza . not as good as bronx pizza but still very good & they have heineken !   "
so tiredd . working 8 :30 - 7 :30 :( '
had a good as meeting son did awesome :d '
tune in as dateline investigates an unusal case of switched identity @ 10 pm ! '
mega : "krn dulu jk kerja sm saya ". jk : berarti kerja sy bagus dong ". mega : "ya enggalah " .hahahahahaha lucu juga capres kita ya . '
shiryu music : capa catita do "cd 400 ":   '
before you buy a home in an hoa , educate yourself ! read the following :   '
'
i've started running , and have been at if for the past 7 days in a row . inspired by article about about ultra-running   "
rt this sat night @ destiny nightclub is the official after party to noche de san juan @ wet n wild .. the beach party edition .. stay tuned '
nvm ...inverter messed up . got through half of arms . no ab ripper tonight ...:( '
  '
i dont want to spend my day in front of the pc to make money to spend to need to work more to spend to need again . i just want to live . '
is shopping for her daddy's father's day present . "
rt   : would u buy a fake designer handbag ? '
  same with me josh ! '
i just hope they get involved & support democracy for iran rt   - video of eu parliament analyzing the rt '
photo : victorian . by =addictedimage   '
four marathon photoshop days later , i'm finally finished . i'll post some pages as soon as my hand recovers . "
made a facebook page for my oc daisuke . -if you'd like to add him :   #/profile.php?id=1707234652&ref=profile "
rt   : wat netjes ... rt   : maintenance window rescheduled !   '
  - don't u love my shirt ? "
e maynor 20 th overall (nba) a .curry 4 th overall (nfl). jcole doin it big ! fayetteville fayetteville fayetteville ! haha don't hate ! "
is being your own boss a dream ? being actually able to retire ? it is possible :   '
  - '
well , if all the crop circles are human-made , it's a tribute to the wonderfully eccentric imagination of the ... re :   "
  je moet een nieuwe foto dan downloaden en is tie weg ! '
  - there's a beast in my bed ! o_0 "
ingoio per caso un piccolo insetto   '
free throws r curcial . they make to much $$$ to be missing free throws in the playoffs . make em count '
werbung mit michael jackson :   sehr cool . '
ah , twibes ! how exciting .   '
rt   : reading thru awesome course for   by   &   so inspired ! you rock ! '
rt   : threat of swine flu outbreak rising - arab news (http://is.gd/15kyu) '
sony bravia xbr kdl-v 32 xbr 1 32 in flat panel lcd tv   '
  might be u are it's done and looks great waiting on ford to approve . :   ..   ... "
rt (this guy !)       : breaking out the drinks . ace of spades + moet rse !   '
check out ryan montbleau   for some sweet music . then check out   '
chill at my home ... ummm ... idk , i am doing today ???? '
surf : peaky knee to waist se swell and light onshore . low tide @ 7 :02pm '
  i should have the album soooooooooonly '
slackware , the first of the best :   '
everybody dance to the end theme of the black knight & squire g show which you can listen to every saturday ! ht ...   ~84ktb '
glitter . sparkles & vodka .. that's what i'm made of . &lt;3 "
booooo !!! str 8 bullshit (but i'm biased ) rt :   ncaa sticks by decision to vacate 10 fsu wins   "
surprise surprise :))   '
cricket : black caps rely on inside knowledge over mendis : nottingham - new zealand hope they can benefit from in ..   '
  . '
rt @ jessicatsang :   - dr who mag from yesterdays daily mirror '
  www '
rt   if you're a pianist or keyboardist , you need to check out the v-piano . we have free demos every week ! "
show support for democracy in iran add green ribbon to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
create your own soundboard with crowdpleazer . 1000 's of sounds available or use your own - -   "
rt : source : the bombing of khomeini's shrine was an inside job . to smear the opposition . "
rt   : almost that time to start getting ready for bliss . party time . '
testing 2 from utweetme ! haha '
so is anyone keen to try infinite summer ?   not summer here , obviously , but might get me past 'stalled at page 500 ' "
[] 30 : :2009/06/3015:358266455   '
pretty locket with blue picasso flowers and turquoise beads   '
weeze , niederrhein - dublin ..ab 1,00   '
  '
reading : "two leading smart cards in taiwan to be merged by year end " (   ) '
rt : wsj publisher calls google a "digital vampire " that is "sucking the blood " out of newspapers :   via     '
what other western cities know about living in arid climates | kpbs .org   '
photo : miss nipple   '
  thanks for the rt , nice to tweet you ! '
too many whiskey cocktails today at the rooftop pool '
rt :   : joerg   ist einen rang von der aufnahme in die top 10 auf studivz entfernt :   '
saab 9 -3 9 -5 9 -6 9 -7 900 number show plates : 9.99 (0 bid ) end date ..   '
just completed a mugging job   '
new post : social reporters network # (http://cli.gs/wyb7ny) '
temp .net developer - london -   pls rt '
'
rt   bulletin -- four-story building collapses in new york city ; people reported trapped . '
rt   : germany has 1 million more muslims than thought ...between 3.8 million and 4.3 million -   '
gunmen fire on tehran crowds   '
cara to baixando um filme de 1986 , mais muito bom 'o labirinto ' &lt;3 , tambem to baixando as apimentadas . "
gol dos ianques , rapaz ... '
  niley kiss . must post :   '
photo : picapixels :   '
like this ! rt   : why a man cannot have wings   '
sorry , paul simon , no more kodachrome   '
exclusive : noah wyle + steve spielberg + aliens = big fat hit ?: you would think spielberg could come up with som ..   '
sitting at my grandmas at the beach on the computer getting ready to go to san diego tommarow '
i hate to ridicule people , but : "can i download the internet ?"   '
korean pancakes for dinner , nxne (and beer ) for dessert (coeur de pirate , $100, king khan and bbq ). '
  rt   me this idioit did not have the gut to come to my house again and my mom is home .lol idiot boy femi lolo '
cool i got   '
rt   frwrks @ downsview +2 free rollerderbygames !new homeof tord   -just called &confirmed-still going ! '
first full day at navarre beach !! lots of sun and heat , the hottest day on earth , is a cold day in hell ? r u rea ...   '
i just attacked   and lost .   '
working '
happy birthday to my wife kimberly ! i love you ! '
rt     awesome news report & rt     am radio ! return airwaves control to the people . '
rt   : rt   : twitter-special : illegal ikea cinema beaming   ahahahha genial '
going out looking for work---wish me luck , please !!! '
my god ... it's over . i can sleep now , that is after i clean up the rest of the place .   "
c # / .net / asp .net, sarajevo ,   '
rt     '
  lol ! i'm writing , i'm writing ! "
linux multi-touch technology demo'd : a development group at enac in toulouse , france , reports that it has deve ..   "
: registered nurse surgery - albuquerque , nm   '
h &m!: ...   '
  ~8371i via   '
what's good ,   ? "
    - really nice .. '
me regresaron mis lentes . hay cada clase de gente . una vez ms , gracias por la habilidad de pensar como los dems . s cmo moverlos . '
  rt   give it to   '
nothings off limits at another ? annual reporters dinner : from abc news sarah tobianski what better way to ..   '
cho em hoi ve cach tap hieu qua ??: em cao 1 m80 . nng 62 kg .. e tp cng c 6 tun ri . nhng khng   '
i feel like i can sleep for days .. '
politics : sotomayor resigns from women's club : u .s. supreme court justice nominee sonia sotomayor has q ..   "
twitition : o2 to offer reasonable iphone 3 gs upgrade and tethering     '
blogging "back jome again in iowa "   '
rt pictures of destruction at tehran university   '
rock werchter laat slaapzakken gratis reinigen : vier dagen kamperen op rock werchter : een mens zou voor minder d ..   '
  via   '
best day ever . me tiffany and katie are now best friends with the sounders '
lennykravitzhttp ://twitpic.com/8p79n backstage manchester getting ready to vocalize <<wowzers! that's some serious abs "
so true rt   a compliment thought but not shared is a missed opportunity ~   '
thought - success lies not in the result but in all the efforts . being best is not at all important , doing the best is all that matters . '
' 5 ' 3 : gs 7 1 (31), 10 2 (320), 1 (411), 12 (94..   "
i just took the "how much you know about friends " quiz and got : you are a expert on friends ! ! try it :   '
listening to "audioslave - "like a stone ""   ~9430d '
assistant nurse manager - acute care of the eld ... - seattle , wa   '
disperato bisogno di hacker . niente di difficile , deve trovare password e nome utente di un certo dominio ... '
  - inside the old looking out at the new . '
miaou   '
just wondering what i have gotten myself into !?!?! '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   a closed mouth gathers no feet ... (via   ) '
    voici le dossier de yahoo france actualits sur le sujet .   '
flickr : harasho posted a photo :   '
  - went to chesapeake beach to get ice cream with my baby cousin he's growin up so fast ! "
bargain alert ! [dvd] hornblower complete collection - save 83 %: rrp : 59.99 / best price : &#..   '
arguments happen , but they upset and destroy part of the day and now im sitting here going over it in my head and dont know what went wrong '
skandal um berlusconi : "frauen aller lnder beleidigt "   '
does what is promises i've been brushing my dogs teeth for the last 9 years (her whol   "
tiny and toya reality show blackout   '
i'm being ssshhhhed .... (frowny face ) "
rt   "even the cows should know you are a christian by the way you treat them ." rev martin simon , father of bread for the world founder '
rt   no arraial de srgio guerra , jos serra conta como conheceu forr na mooca e desmente a fama de sisudo .   '
rt :   e concorra a 1 camiseta : use o vale-desconto pensar e garanta 15 % de desconto no www .chicorei.com.br em qualquer compra ! '
  - fwd :it's 1 o'clock & the kids are still up "
rt   count their votes   '
jalai-poor and his wife arrested at airport this morning .   '
rt   : citibank holding music : "leaving dubai for summer hols ? here \'s how to maintain your payments (5options)" they \'re hopeful ... :-0 '
i should never think ,,what's in your heart ,,what's in our home ,,so i won't ... "
activision may stop making video games for the ps3 ... | sharecatalog   '
da summer latin house 2009 mix :   '
this is for my sister ...:p!!!!!!!!!   ~8fldn '
rt :   : as lmpadas-tijolo so mais que meros tens de iluminao , funcionando tambm como aquecedor !http://migre.me/2fmf '
world ufo day - 2 nd july 2009 : world ufo day seeks to gain attention for the urgent need for ufo disclosure ..   '
why are they always pickin on   let that damn girl live ...it's 16 y .o. girls doin worse things than taking pictures "
my son wants to play with barbies ....my daughter likes to play with trains & cars ....what's wrong with this pic ? "
twitter updates for 2009 -06-19   '
siting in front of the fire !! :d '
  :-) gosto mais disto em ingls . '
  : une bougie ? '
  slump in 2009 global oil demand seen moderating | home >> other ...   '
  good thing he didn't use magic markers ! "
re : modelling i beams - quick method ?: i would not use cyclone for modelling beams and columns , autocad is much ..   '
2009   '
drakenberg , pacemaker session live from the streets of stockholm ... at   '
omg check out this site thats getting me tons of followers a day , it actually works unlike other sites :   '
  rt twitter spam blocking coming ! (first service now in testing .) finally !   '
have i told you how much i hate moving ? grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr '
  thanks so much for the blog award ! i returned my gratitude by including you in my main blog :   '
want more followers ?   '
yaaaaaaaaay !!! rt   summertime that's what it is ! summer breeze make me feel fine !:p "
oh shit tmz gotta twitter ?? '
rt 9197 working proxies on here   '
'
here's pic of feast :   "
  nice background pic mami ! i take full responsibility '
  '
why john and kate why ?!! '
  stalker . '
greenpeace am sa . in 40 stdten . verbraucher informieren , gentechnikratgeber verteilen , gegen gen-milch mobilisieren .   '
check out "ccbudget" here   '
economic scene - rhetoric of rationing health care overlooks reality - nytimes .com   '
  murphy & nye ??? '
the fair report and the outsourcing debate in federal acquisition reform   '
  heart attacks don't actually perform on demand like that ... "
  only humor , sun and non demons related news . how was your trip ? '
labor-greens tensions on the boil : accusations of bias levelled at greens mla and assembly speaker shane rattenb ..   '
rt   : oj & gucci mane will attempt to do abc , 123 they are being taught them now . oj can't get past aye and gucci keeps saying won . "
kutukan apakah yang menunggu gw besok ? hoaaahh '
we part of the bone marrow donor drive ...   '
  make some . chick peas , garlic , olive oil , tahini , lemon juice . pow ! '
how can i help you ? i'm not happy wi this product . but our company didn't make that . i suggest you call the company that did . "
  ? '
, ! '
rt   : rt :   : 27 must-have starter kits for web designers   '
just finished wakingup and smoking the first jeezy of the day !!!! i luv my life !!!! '
  : "so much for my happy ending indeed ."   ~8ucp0 '
posts photo 'unnamed' to bliin (http://tinyurl.com/lkgla2) "
  loser !! '
just took a nap and now driving to baltimore for the 100 th time this month to practice ! '
twittrer fra bt - anbefales !   '
a new orleans-style farewell seen and heard today in wilmington :   . '
celebs reflect on the king of pop -   '
earn money to shorten you link :   '
chat with me "now" on blackberry pin : 35 a4f6 or aol , yahoo , msn @ daugliest 1 gmail chat @ daugliest '
rphils are offering two great trips that could include 2 phillies vs . mets games in ny   '
kosher search engine ? koogle ?   '
sweet ! half-off rt   "dutch air guitar finals " at 20 :30, paradiso , amsterdam price : 6, - (was 12, -)   '
  - such a beautiful sight ! (such a terrible hangover ) "take 2 of these ..." :) '
since michael jackson was 90 % plastic he will be melted down into legos so the kids can play with him for once ...............what? too soon ? '
rt   :   "" '
life put back into perspective after watching "trouble in paradise " tonight ! '
drinkin my progreenshake from mani's bakery then off to farmer's market off hollywood blvd :) "
28 32 '
got woken up at 9 :30 am after going to bed at 6 :00 am for a drama filled sunday morning . hoping the rest of the day is chill . '
buying a car in the shadow of bad credit at pierre money mart   '
  i came over for the conference in la next week but no other plans than that . just looking around for things to do in sf '
the ultimate summer tote - and 15 % off through the end of june :   '
'
all you guys out there , bear with me . there'll be a swimsuit shot at the end .   "
if anyone wants to help contribute with stories or articles feel free to contact us via the website   '
sacosta 809 : photo : ideal pansofico     '
  '
i just attacked   and won .   '
abby & i are obsessed with twitter , yaknow ? '
i just took the "are you demi lovato or miley cyrus " quiz and got : demi lovato ! try it :   '
just downloaded my new free doodlepage from   something kinda fun . '
rt     & it feels like a saturday night . convinced no one in this town actually works < nice , what a great feeling :) '
  n_n provechito ! '
    '
/dies. i have an exam in 10 hours . i have not revised . i need to spend at least 5 of those 10 hours sleeping . so gonna fail '
rt   : rt   : rt   : once you start talking to old people they never stop , ever . ever . lmaoooo '
amazee blog : amazee nominated for the europas - please vote !   '
  i found the twitpocolypse amusing friday . by saturday morning i had switched to twitterfon . waiting for twitterific update . '
  hows it going '
get hundreds of followers using the vip train ,   '
  rt   : 14 creative summer marketing ideas for small business http :/..   '
dj quick in puppets nike commercal ..boring final game !? orlando's hurtin , miss those home game campion victory's "
rt :   : hey , karma chameleon : you must have done something pretty terrible in a previous life to end up as a lizard '
rt   hai , could you help me please , i need your opinion about love ? would you give me that for my paper , thank before <-- lol wtf ? '
engadget : probably-fake video roundup : 24 -inch iphone os , ps1 emulation on the pre : this video of ipho ..   '
three big tomato fest deadlines next week : vendor applications postmarked by 7 /1:   '
white house lobbies wavering lawmakers   '
council members are "extremely upset " to cut sworn officer positions .   '
rt   : driver on tarmac apparently didnt see plane about to squash him   '
oooh , and now a ps3 !   '
a ver angeles y demonios :) '
misdo licca   '
points 2 shop , amazing and free paid to click site , pays an amazing $1/ref str 8 2 paypal   '
  vou ai no rj e a gente assiste oks ? '-' fechou "
i'm trying to decide ... - im trying to decide whether i should turn on my computer and waste the whole ...   "
teen kills kitten in oven ; faces 10 -year sentence   '
  presidentialcartel .com '
just osted a podcast , including a great interview with mark french about how "jaws" saved his life :   '
  i forgot the secret handshake does a cover of 'i wish ' by some rap gay , and its funny . "
rt   : the next wave of iphone apps : roundup of apps using new features of os 3.0   '
"una classe dirigente che tributa ovazioni a chi invita i laureati a lavorare da imbianchini non ..."   '
  morning . lls '
petition : rogers wireless to to offer early iphone 3 gs upgrades for existing subscribers     '
  - oh my fucking god . -dies. she is like my photography idol '
just added myself to the   twitter directory under : '
mist wicked wreck in the history of auto racing !......r.i.p gilles ..... '
rt :   thegrio .com's dave wilson on morning joe on msnbc at 8 :45. don't miss it ! please rt . "
    - ficou bom ? '
eat your antioxidants , eat your bluberries . check out my 100 % antioxidants cake   '
  nice buddy , what're you on for ? "
delicious daisy cookie bouquet - birthdays , get well , i love you !   '
summer hydrangea festivals and a burpee giveaway here and there   '
rt   : united nations charter signed on 26 june 1945 . 64 years ago today ! '
photo of a chinese headstone at the beechworth cemetery . unfortunately , i don't know what it says :   "
greten auf dem sofakissen wird man wohl entfernen mssen . '
wth , i'm not in the good mood to do anything right now . unusual *sigh* "
rt   forget past mistakes . forget failures . forget everything except what you are going to do now , and do it . ~ will durant '
@   working for a future : by elliot nius earl parker looked for work when h ..   '
i just took the "does an awkward turtle live with you ?" quiz and got : fine be normal ! try it :   '
tequilla sunrises with mom . '
corrente : no one could have anticipated -- doma edition : a phrase you won't hear me say often : a must-r ..   "
rt   : while we monitor events in iran , come defend marriage on facebook :   '
sunday afternoon frap and the transformers movie . then ? taco time (not the fast food chain )! -   '
  are you wanting to add crochet just to your outfit or in other ways ? hmmm , if other places , i have an idea '
  henri , please report your bugs @   '
springsteen ends day two at glastonbury   '
  me senti o proprio diretor do filme agora hahahah ..vai la bruce lee ! desce o sarrafo !! srsr '
rt .@neoconchicago mart jam packed at '
rt   :   's pre album release in redwood city 2 nite   "
awards from san diego   check it out tweeps . its the shiz '
my daily twittascope -   '
i don't have anything to say today , so how about you guys tell me a random   "
awake n hungry can't wait for breakfast , u better be in my bed by eight or ur getting locked out . "
rt   : well played sir . rt   stringer bell too ? rt   jets acquire barksdale   '
a 24 -year-old male animator said that he has no disposable income & he couldn't marry even if he had a girlfriend :   "
minha bolsa no caiu - fail '
awww received a cute doll in the mail from my comment on   so nice , thank you . '
new blog post : so rock and roll alice !   '
cool ! nonvisual desktop access (nvda) is a free and open source screen reader for ms windows .   '
  - boys will b boys '
f **ck'd co turns vc is very odd rt   anyone else confused by the news that   joins crv as a venture guy ? -   "
0.00 km /h   (accuracy 17 meters ) [24 ave nw , edmonton , ab , canada ] '
need ideas for father's day ? check out our local offerings :   "
  omg you never go to bass pro ! lol :) '
  baapu , eminem ni jem gaayu hot to majhaa aavat !!;-) '
a free trial for sensa weight loss -   '
the fastest & easiest traffic exchange going , 100 % free , get mega easy quality traffic 2 your site !   '
moral-clensing : why saints sin and sinners get saintly . we're all fucking compensating !   "
great site for newbies who want to make a blog or website step by step   '
  - from my friend--his comment : 'sorry ladies ...they are all out of jackmans .' :p "
dallas jobs registered nurse htpn - baylor health care - dallas , tx : the registered nurse--health tex ..   '
rt   : summer just started and we're already heating up . check out new adventures for you in maplestory !   "
maaaaan . warehouse . bikes only ? '
  via   '
rt   : prisons : inmates ' playstations banned amid escape fears   hmmm isn't prison supposed to be no fun /games "
  hi zoe many thanks for the rt - any good news from barclays ? '
haha goodnight tweeple ...   '
wow . someones a little sensitive ! rt   : uh oh , i've got a vendor melting down on me !   "
rt   : me bajo adormilada del metro y veo la cara de gertz manero . me cae que me espant .   <-- waf !! jajaja '
amy goodman to appear in saratoga springs , ny on 06 /13   '
rt   : web wii pre-launch site will be online next week or week after . will post more accurate date soon . '
introducing -o.g.semi-auto- www .myspace.com/simtv xxxclusive fire !!! gun violence mix album comin july hosted by vinnyidol rt '
  good song ! ;)   ~85wxp '
holly madison is as beautiful in person as she is in print . amazing . so tired and sadly sober . nap then nightlife . '
any star trek fan '
fans rejoice : rt   blazers , kgw reach deal to continue game broadcasts   '
  mmmm , ocean .... '
oh , and in case you didn't believe me last week about the dog riding the motorcycle , here he is ...http://twitpic.com/862vg "
  thanks ! '
parabns para o assakura_minoru ganhador da camiseta do dia 23 de junho envie seus dado para remessa da camiseta   '
  un mec bien , un mec qui a un mac '
happy thursday everyone !!!! '
hello office . hello desk i haven't seen in a month . just one corner   80 million more stacks to sort through ... "
rt   : homosexual duke univ . official molests adopted son - where's the media ? awd's latest .   "
nasty rain , headcold fading , still have to work . first day of summer , we're waiting for you !! "
stuck ? try tuning your guitar to open "e"   '
dude trueblood was f'ing amazing ! "
loving this sunny weather in the poconos sorry nyc '
sometimes being tired is really worth it . today is that day . :-) '
wanksta ... '
rt   : un sicle de nouvelles en un clic : the british library a mis en ligne deux millions de pages numrises de jour .. http : '
is watching last friends ...i can smell yuri wahaha (woot) (woot)   '
popular rapidshare casino poker downloads   '
for the many young men who has thinning hair problems , do not despair as i can offer a instant solution . visit www .hairsynergy.com '
de vuelta de tve , de acompaar a   a la tertulia de periodistas de "esta maana " '
rt support   in the bird city battle by voting for his song "rocking it " here !   '
corrida em istambul j aquece -   '
now i'm watching barenaked ladies videos -   "
free new unlocked iphone g3s ! check out site !   tehran iphone father's day "
peter facinelli gains 15,000 twitter followers , needs 395,000 more by friday -   '
will the fat lady sing ? utah festival opera looking at for big decision at cache county council tuesday   '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt :   : : 2051   '
oml , solehhs lol . '
golden grillz '
  judging from the comments to this article , you have lots of support .   '
mumble x furni   '
i then descended down to grenoble , and i closed that five minute gap back to the leaders on a 15 kilometer descent ....   '
fastest-growing web brand : twitter   '
i knew i had to be real , after buzz punched that dude in the face for calling him a liar . never call a veteran a liar , they get pretty mad ! '
  je ziet nog wel dat het een pup is hoor , in het echt ;)   '
atualizado :   '
partly cloudy and 83 f at teterboro airport , nj : winds are variable at 5.8 mph (5 kt ). the pressure is 1005.2 mb and the humidity is 44 %.. '
rt via     : seriously ? this week's time cover story [on] twitter ? text on iphone is 142 characters !! major fail , time !! "
teste mal seesmic desktop '
dat dus : "king of pop ? a marketing term coined by jacksons own people in an attempt to hype the overblown dangerous ."   '
rt   you want to be healthy & enjoy what you eat but you don't know where to start . years of research are here :   "
knox speaks of police 'threats': amanda knox , accused of killing uk student meredith kercher , says she was threa ..   "
kids have just settled to sleep :-) now enjoying a few minutes of peace before we head to bed ourselves '
rt   get a free copy of sarah lacys startup book   (via   ) '
ummm ...fuz is soooooo hot ! ac please !? '
  lol grats on the phone . '
staling time till my pickup . the worst '
military : us airstrikes likely killed 26 civilians (ap) : ap - a u .s. warplane failed to follow all operationa ..   '
when and where ? rt   :   seahawks are holding open practice ! you gotta goooo '
it's hard when you thought you knew that someone inside out , when all you saw was just a pose of himself "
  - ha ha , hi hi , ha ha , ho .. '
the sun is out ! and apparently my webcam can't handle sun ... but serious question here ...i'm making plans ...   "
bwhaha lovah js got a 78 hahaha ! luks lyk i \'m nt the one messing up . lol "sharing the night together " is the sng fur tonite . lol ! lisa \'s up ! '
  rt :at the int'l positive psychology association convention in philadelphia . happiness revolution is alive ..i feel it too !!!ty! "
dune music video : divisive state "plans within plans "   '
  lol unofficially '
for this article and many others : rt   : the elephant in the room -- dealing with the salary question .   ... '
  u know it baby ! where were you anyway ? it went down   for the crawfish boil ! ran home to shwr rt quick . b bck b4 hlftme . '
toilet made from poo transforms excrement into energy   '
settle down , start your home business now ! as seen on cnn ! watch the video :   '
rt   this was therapeutic for me tonight . just something from the heart .   '
cratrice de layette et couches lavables pour bb : bonjour je n'ai pas eu de rponse mon mp est ce que vous l ..   "
i miss my best friend :(   come and see before my birthday pleasseeeee '
  lmfao * hows your wack ass movie going ? '
omg check out this site thats getting me 1000 s of followers a day , it actually works unlike other sites :   '
  tl '
  re-tweet rt :) '
i wanna let you know that i miss you sooo much ! '
porsche's 'widowmaker' gets even deadlier : the speedmeisters at 9 ff take the already potent porsche 911 gt2 and ..   "
panasonic lumix dmc-fx 7 review   '
a reason why i'm not a fan of turtles [pic]   "
webber rejoins in front of barrichelo ! '
quiosque : matas quase leo (record):   '
bizarre : state trooper hit by truck as man jumps off i -94 bridge near gurnee .   '
katy perry aparece "gordinha" no twitter -   '
new style pick : kingston tank   '
i have had enough of this rat race ! success is my only option -   - whose coming with me ?? ;d '
momento tenso ! '
no voy a terminar nunca estas traducciones !!! '
funniest comedians of all time - pryor ,robin harris ,and misters father from the color purple !!!!!!! '
  wats hiannn man !! just shoin abit of love and tellin u i {respect ur hustle } '
new blog post : michael jackson and rollingstone   '
  lmfao .. y u want showtime at the apollo !! rt :   dammit ...somebody please make me laugh ! '
rt   : comments sought on idaho hunting rule proposals - buckmasters online   '
hoy la tetera :   '
rt   : "thanks to everyone following on twitter for engaging or putting up with all the tweets from the national photo symp ." yeah ! '
my room looks better now , now all it needs is a parra drawing in the wall :) i'll make it happen "
  "
rt   check out this latina !   '
reading : president obama's economic plan is the 'star wars ' of financial regulation   "
comenzando a bretear ... mi hermana se casa hoy !!!! (^.^) '
rt   : rt   : blowing in my games to make them work . &lt;= man , me too . (yeah mayne ) '
  hahahaha . good for him !! '
naja "ohne bindung " ist was anderes , ist ja nur z vertrag buchbar ! rt   : neu bei bob : 200 mb datenpaket - ohne bindung - 3 euro '
  gotta luv getting fucked up on 6 th street ! '
  lucky the brewers are playing out of town then :-) '
  my point is , if you're looking for empathy , it's best to seek it in daylight hours . there's little to be found before sunrise . "
is hoping that gives me the new iphone today ! '
i want red hair nao d : '
sadly , i'd rather listen to rudd and sudeikis . rt   : here's the joe buck overtime hbo pulled from its site :   "
rmpipvmsnowrpvmbiowulfhttp ://is.gd/1hzp7 '
sabres gm regier maintains patient approach   '
domain names for rent and for sale :   '
see why most small and big businesses are moving away from business loans and flocking to fast cash advances .   '
great book i got from amazon - modern dog : 20 years of poster art :   '
my daily twittascope -   '
labourer dies in fight   '
(this is the best video ever made .) rt   : heeeey , new video .   dedicated to   . '
wow this is what twitter is ? gayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy . '
  you won't be surprised to hear that barton's charge is bullshit .   "
  we love you back and r praying for your safety .   '
what's . with . all . of . the . spam . followers . "
  ...   '
another set of site improvements on the way next week - i'll let you know more as we get there "
  wenns nicht geht einfach mal gucken ob die einstellungen fr die datei richtig sind :   '
xyzzywindowshttp ://bit.ly/gsag0 '
mit nineinchnails auf den ohren geht's "
rt   : how closely r u following the events in iran ? sum in media think most americans dont pay much attention 2 & dont care . agree ? '
swine flu closes glendyne school   '
baixei the conduit mas ainda no testei . ainda to procurando meu "lado nerd " , toro pra que ele tenha sobrevivido ao final de semana . '
at work on my day off because of staff reductions . not enough clean glassware . labtech   '
will use this when he gets fat , meanwhile girls of various sizes might find it useful . naturally .   '
just home from my errands . just a little bit before i go pick up the girls from the movies . i need a nap '
blogging 'screen capture with skitch .com (@theengteacher)'   "
[] vintage 80 - mixtape [the neuter gender lp ]   '
rt   :   well great seris though eh ? yes it was hey what can we say it was @ our house '
'
free golf book 2 -golf fitness no strings no sign ups just download   '
rt   : "somebodys watching me " just came on i find that hilarious ! lol (ur every fucking move brawhahahah )...... '
multiple search   '
missed my morning laughing therapy with tjms . '
avertissement de pluie pour new - carlisle - chandler   '
rt   ser o nico que quando v mj pensa em mary jane antes de michael jackons . muito hq do homem-aranha faz isso . ( nada ) '
really admires   '
oh geez are you still hung up on that ? get over it . rt   :   jeff date raped me once true story . '
  it's all in the reflexes , all in the reflexes . lol "
now a whole new generation of people will stop looking at me funny when i say "look behind you ! a three-headed monkey !"   '
kali ini ibuku berkata : "ya udah sabar aja mungkin itu yang terbaik untuk io ...." '
  so whats the dealio woth the hobo as your pic eh ? '
is up , going to get coffee and then record podcast before shots and fishing . happy wwkip day !   '
  i'm freeee . "
our taxpayer real estate portfolio in maiden lane i , ii , iii continues to fall in value   '
rt   :   live at turntable lab la with fashawn and others   sicc exile is iil ! '
  throw in a little rock and you'll be all set . "
obama praises drug deal , says it's 'turning point '   "
i just took the "which us city should you really be living in ?" quiz and got : los angeles , ca ! try it :   '
  that's such a awesome pic of u !! "
  im never going to be able to meet miley so i think im getting a sharp object '
rt   - we found a website that allows you to turn text into animated video . it's pretty special :   "
im so excited 4 grad ..my friends all took a pic with me !i look like i was drunk in one pic .but thats okay ! '
follow friday :           '
if you've been trying to make money online and haven't achieve any results after pain and frustrations .   "
the deal stallworth got after killing a man should clear way for burress   '
  i know now what game waid was playing :   '
a foto da de 2006 que a   postou me fez lembrar que no postaram at hoje o vdeo da palestra do hans donner '
i was chillin in my mama bed yesterday   '
[remaniement] qui pour succder albanel ?   (numerama) '
$0.99 tuesdays at popeye's is pretty awesome ... too bad it's so bad for you "
rt   : as far as the gatekeepers , they cant stop you . no radio : fuck em . go to the net . you can get on itunes '
mochi media network attracts nearly 100 million online gamers a month (comscore)   '
thomas is a faggot '
weight loss : how to save money on diet foods | thirty days to a ...: posted on the june 15 th , 2009 under save mo ..   '
my interview with freeway & bizz at hawaiian tropic zone :   '
  hi ! fun to "see" you here ! :) '
rt   niggas r sooo bold ... fuck em !!! i'm me ... forever b . star bitch (wooooaaahhhhhh somebody pissed my best bitch off ) "
random rt : take a break and listen the song   - its good for our sad and tired souls '
i am listening to this beautiful 50 's track by the lebanese singer 'fairouz' (http://bit.ly/ewmrq ) "
absolutely gorgeous photo of sun rays on the tuscan hills on bna today   '
  i'm sowrryyyyyyy "
doxycycline   '
went in and banded 1 of the baby parrotlets . the rest were still too small . new videos coming soon . i will update . www .parrotletparrots.com '
just completed a drug deal job   '
safeway effectively manages healthcare costs without legislation   '
choppers designer motorcycle motocross goggles new $69   '
rt   : 'best jo picks up its third grand prix : cannes (adage.com) -- australian agency cummins nitro   "
rt     : sign the petiton to update google earth on tehran's streets :http://www.petitionspot.com/petitions/irangooglemap/ "
rt   10 :25pm. patron already in my system , its gonna be a goooooood night .   is already hoppin with ladies . hell yeahhhh '
"iran: a showdown at friday prayers ? "   '
  - back when i used to fuck with that long hair dont care ! lol '
rt   purchase flowers @ pioneer courthouse square during parterre's 25 th annual festival of flowers   "
fabuloso ! rt   rt   mais uma ao onde a simplicidade foi o destaque   '
last words of 'unstable' young man ?   "
ok maybe harry's but klingon weddings are not legal apparently ... "
rt   : 20 best css tips and tricks collection -   '
rt   follow my friend   successful online entrepreneur and spirit-filled christian . '
just detailed the car ... man soccer players can dirty up a car ... sick ! '
(aussie cooking websites rule ) trying to get more soup in your diet ...kick it off here   '
  they 're so much more comfortable than i expected ! red is an excellent choice . white was plan c , but gives me a new project ... "
  video marketing is cool '
is that cat wearing a satin snuggie ? rt   : via   : marilyn monroe cat :   '
is your network marketing business costing you money ?   '
i love my tweet tweet pics (: '
for sale : baby shoes , never worn . '
'
  - that would bee ,,, me and sydee (: '
rt   : rt   : ap issues strict facebook , twttr guidelines 2 staff :   (via   ) '
fumo spray in bomboletta ? si pu !   '
click ---&gt;   and watch please '
07 :57 buckley st , - structure going   (2 appliances , region 10 ) '
dorpsbakkertje moet naar andere rechter   '
back-nine 30 nets third-round lead   '
  ,     '
watching living on the edge '
(pls rt ) ? - : ?recreational drug ..   '
quick and easy guide to cheap car insurance quotes : author : helen heckervehicle , truck , auto or car insurance i ..   '
monavie shot n-delta youths urged to exercise restraint in agitation for devt - vanguard : n-delta yo ..   '
pockettwit *tw* '
new blog entry : wholesale childrens clothing   '
weird stuff - dna proves man not missing since 1955   '
rt   i have been using images from your website for a long time now ...   haha '
rt   : smh you need to change ur name to miss perfect right now cuz thats all you have been so far ...this too good to be true lol '
had a great training /convo with   about social networks - we are ready to rock ! '
just got the date for my free bahama cruise ! enter your email for your chance to get a free cruise !   '
  - unsere leserinnen und leser haben bei uns die mglichkeit , eigene howtos einzutragen . '
suis-je la seule qui twhirl fait des misres aujourd'hui ? "
i only have 1 -tweeps have mor rt   poll of the day : how many twitter profiles do you have ? 1, 2, 3 4 + (and what are they for ) '
  '
cops question brit star about robbery of paparazzi (ap): ap - police in the bahamas are investigating the robb ..   '
        check it out yaull .in the works !   '
just finished an amazing bike ride on the trail and along the lake . shower time ....then back to work . '
detroit 4 lyfe >> magglio ordonez chops off his powerless locks   '
just put up the first lot of pics sent in by our supporters .   why not share your pics ? '
eye opener : obama's same-sex benefits gamble : happy thursday ! president obama's decision to extend some benefits t ..   ... "
50 love hearts vinyl car stickers smart car vw mini bmw : 5.99 end date : wednesd ..   '
market research manager - pharmaceutical : london-london , market research manager - pharmaceu ..   '
still is shock about this whole thing . '
how to reduce energy at school world class example   '
tata offers co-branded mobile services with ntt docomo (pc world )   '
lo que me sospechaba ... cuerpo de jackson ser llevado a ineverland !   '
ich habe ein neues ziel :   ;-) '
  because she's so damn charming . even if her main ingredients add to our waistline (butter/mayo). thanks for no h8 !!!!! "
finance your college education with a college consolidation debt loan   '
rt   advocates nonviolence rt '
posted a new video : "flannel - seven mary three - cumbersome "   '
  . -_-; '
currently browsing :undefined   '
dell sells : rt   : rt   :   surpasses $2 million in sales via twitter ..   '
rt   : r u an south carolina , georgia , alabama , or florida r &b artist pls get with me ! hit up my email @ thehotsawce   .c ... '
fun fun fun at the venus pool naked breasts everywhere '
"...i thought you said you weren \'t a fun forcer " lol '
my baby stil n da shop ... they don't know wats wrong wit ha ... its been 3 hours ... damn "
clippers summary :   *lowers head , sadly grimacing * '
american eagle integrates twitter in ads | techgeist : it is amazing how addicting and truly useful 140 character ..   '
is bored n sad cuz i woke up late '
taking boys 2 baseball practice '
rt   : vat in addition 2 fed inc txes : personl , estate , gift , cap gains , alt min tax ; socsec , medicare , self-empl & corp ! '
the star : owls men believe in top six chances : laws : brian laws knows that you cannot kid players - so ..   '
  via (@asskicker):   '
rt   : news : victory ! nc house passes school violence prevention act   yaaaaaaaay nc !! <3 thank you . '
honey girl can't wait to go play in 20 mas dias woo hoo ! "
  - poor joe :( '
sitting down with matt clapp of sharapova's thigh | the sporting globe   "
este para los cordobeses :   '
my knee is still a mess which sucks . '
  sempre q leio uma manchete igual a essa penso : matria paga !! '
rt   :i am not a big fan of corona but i do like their virtual beach clean ad   '
  i thought i was the only one who peeped that '
who invented mysql ?! this person was brilliant and really clever . thanks 2 delite and   '
its not some other girl's cheap perfume .. its yo soul .. yo rotten soul !   "
  ohhhh i love storms . '
new duck uniforms are 25 % lighter . how about 25 % uglier ?   '
peta call obama to task for killing a fly - please don't tell them about the war !   "
rt   donotlie .com - happy birthday to a legend .. 2 pac   '
lol join the club of solo drinkers rt   : i want to drink !! didn't wanna drink alone , but i will !!!! :-) "
rt   : reuters : u .s. state department official says they encouraged twitter not to shut down system in iran '
sabathia (biceps) allowed one run on three hits in seven innings against the mets friday . '
rt :   : rt   :   '
  alright im done with you bitch ,its me ! im here and im happy and i don't need losers like you bringing me down ! "
thoughts ? the legendary starfy : while the boss fights in this fifth release are visually the best the s ..   '
i wanna know you more . click me here :   '
?   '
catching up with the largemouth bass at nas jax : the best bass fishing does not require a boat or even an expens ..   '
please id algea : general reefkeeping discussion statistics : 4 replies || 12 views last post by trido   '
nightmare before christmas on in june ?? lol okay , whatever floats your boat '
bored on my space 2 about to jump in the shower '
my daily twittascope -   '
  hahaa no prob '
rt   : am i the only one on michael jackson overload ? how much of this stuff do really want to know ? (please, make it stop !) '
joguinho legal .   '
who should tweeters follow ? add yourself and your recommendations :   '
bruno scene cut after michael jackson dies | sosojuicy   '
re : drag me to hell - official trailer   '
rt   : i plea to the public to refuse to consume media that does not respect the anonymity of michaels children . '
ave joe real estate agent grows his company to 1110 agents !   '
  oh good !!! that makes much more sense . otherwise that would seem quite unfair . '
personalizza twitter con twitpaper : 1 voto ok | postato 10 minuti fa da anpal in internet [link diretto ]   '
  lol ! suzie am i gonna have to report u again ? lol jkjk '
ontem fui assistir transformers ii . quanta mquina !!! principalmente a megan fox !!! o que aquilo ???? '
if you live in an area that floods frequently , one of these could save your life :   '
  so what is on your outer banks bucket list ? something you have to do , but haven't yet , before you kick the bucket . "
viva la french ..http://bit.ly/rljpa '
almost fully recovered '
  rt   rss cheese - a free icon set you can taste (delicious :)) -   (by   ) '
tosca - dehli 9 - 01 oscar .mp3   '
  i am a dietitian and i can assure you that you are allowed an indulgence once in a while ! don't deprive yourself anything !! "
  i thought i didnt but i mean i told twitter and fb so thats like telling the whole world ....hahah, '
realtors : threats to south florida market still loom - palm beach interactive   '
    - =dd hahas ! =ddd '
oh my gosh . the kid leaves in an hour . :( '
rt   : "us asks twitter to stay online because of iran vote (afp): afp - obama administration took unusual st ..   " '
  and me ...join da club ...yeah it will play over and over and over   '
rt   : www .zshare.net/audio/618702772a7bc1c1/ mj mix '
rt :   crees que la prensa est tratando el conflicto amaznico con imparcialidad ? vota en   '
  '
how to use the best 40 features of iphone 3.0 -   (via   ) '
hey   shoutout 2 jahron (#tilatequilalive live >   '
la folle route vers saint tropez : l'mission de tf6 dbarque sur w9 !   "
omg ! watchin ' a dance competition ! is so amazing !!! "
going to walmart . '
soliant health : slp travel jobs in manchester , nh ... in manchester , nh in hospital / healthcare   '
is watching sweden beat spain in the handball world cup ! '
i'm at work until 4 ~5ish. not so thrilled . "
reportage : twitter-trnen fr den "king of pop "   '
i just reached level 30 .   '
hey   hello say something (thatdamnkwash live >   '
what is the kang nam carrying ?     '
happy d3n 3 va 3 v3n do3 mi fn3 brok 3 but ima g3t anotha '
we need to get more twitterized ... '
rt   : amazon .com, digital publishing and jeff bezos - time   '
rt   : gesucht : faire tarife fr das :   - ja , da htte ich auch interesse dran . :-) '
beth's blog : how nonprofits can use social media : organizational ...   "
here we go again ! live blogging from the los angeles auditions - first updates of the day are in @   '
eating thai , spicy food on a hot day '
  dat shit lookin like a pig in da blanket !!! '
776 hits yesterday . not bad , but didn't hit the goal "
news article (in german ) about the call for papers on heise online   '
  mornin twittz ! =) '
rt   : 1530   /// '
listen to my station on blip .fm!   '
  i been locked in since 8 ahhhhh doing homework . i see the new pic is that the rock eyebrow or did someone fuck up '
maes como se llama y tienen fotos de ....??   '
wooooo . sitting in the nose of a monorail .   '
endorsement by kristan hopkins burke on paul lambert hi paul , i'd be keen to hear more about the kinds of survey   "
'
ta o tweet que todo mundo esperava . as 1 as imagens do filme alice no pas das maralavilhas do tim burton (via   )   '
monday morning breakfast : a polenta cookie '
  kid that i think you might find funny and he speaks the truth lol ..   '
rt   : do women belong in the kitchen ? a woman who thinks so ...   '
niemcy i polacy na ptniczym szlaku   '
settings elusion extended ep   '
2 chloe no intrnet yet just using my phone '
  his facial expressions , crying and when he screams how his mic distorts is fucking priceless . i am dying lol '
crap , another dead in yosemite :   safety kids , safety ! '
its our first week out of skool nd im already missin everyone .. specially angel :( '
  not so much that we are picking the artists .. i will explain at our meeting tonight , just be un bias and detailed as possible .. '
  that is one hawt bagel ! yummy :p '
xd xd rt   pens que esto haba quedado entre el y yo :s   '
  - '
playing with my horses '
rt #   role in census challenged :   '
awesome rt   : rt   : palm pre gets an nes emulator !!!   '
  keep the stache !!!!!!! '
monitor your harddisk space   &_gwt_pg=1 '
new video from my band ''spring break '' !!! hope you guys enjoy it :   "
new blogpost : copia doble systema rock the joint with a very innovative mix !: heres a very ,..   '
keeley hazell sextape   '
die touristen hier tragen merkwrdige hemden ...   '
i just took the "what type of television commercial would you be ?" quiz and got : head on ! try it :   '
oops i forgot to tweet today '
  dohok '
i just attacked   and lost .   '
  '
rt   : today's webmaster video : when will the data in webmaster tools be improved ?   "
wishes he was at home in the garden rather than doing this magnox refresh project :-( '
rajoutez moi sur fb   et votez pour 6 tee shirts '
sneak out and get a free rub on your cock !!!   '
time for the show . this is going to be sad . they are all soo wrong . '
  sim , sim . pode t usar e talz . mas ainda e o padro , nao gosto da visualizaao do fire .... '
holy crap ! stanley cup was only presented like 25 mins ago and there are already tees and caps for sale on nhl .com! a bit quick me thinks !!! '
rt   : when you prostitute your children for fame and money , you don't get to act surprised wen your family falls apart , jon &kate "
if inflammation is the problem , nopalea is the solution . see what people are saying :   '
nel culo , ma spingendo forte   '
why do i feel like a therapy session i need to get it all out '
l'association sportransplant est l pour informer le public sur l'importance du don d'organes . le don d'organes et si c'tait vous ? "
mccartney by paul mccartney . the album that continues to give . '
it is so nice today ! and i am sitting on the couch . how dumb . '
aqui esta el capitulo original tal como lo recordaba beat it alvin & the chipmunks   ~8wja4 '
  the wind really kicked up as we began to picnic after the hike . at least it kept the peacocks from panhandling ! great group . '
today should be a good day . '
clyfford stil , untitled (ph-99), 1949   '
molara vivir en la calle del ritmo . no paso de vivir en la calle del keynote . '
music is like your own little world ...it drowns out all the bad things . '
updated my blog with wonders of the web : online accountants   '
  hmmmmm , i'm on team eric not team bill ; ) i can't wait for the show tonight !!!! "
  :o ure crazy ! xd '
rt   : right : microblogging index   via     s .a.   zukunft twittersuche '
new : i have a research paper on pro steroids and need help proving certain steroids are actually good for the body ?   ://bit.ly/12nrew '
rt   : about to watch a dirty clay guida sanchez fight ! '
high and a high old time on top of ben nevis   '
is enjoying a glass of wine with his wife now that the girls are down '
update ; letters link son of sam and victims ' advocate   "
learn how to use an autoresponder to make money -   '
be yourself . everyone else is already taken . wilde '
upcoming beastie boys album to feature bob dylan , presumably on tracks such as : "suburban homesick rap ", "the ti ..   '
y cant i follow anybody else ??? '
rt   i sent you a pic   :: awe chocolate labs ! that's alot of water ! "
rt   : --: 140 '
gop senators question obama's health reforms   "
  : i must be the only non-coffee drinking person in america . coffee taste nasty to me . and get this , i don't like tea either . ... "
  ughh why aren't you guys coming to chicago ?? :( "
rt   : the new episode of my weekly 'the abominable charles christopher ' is online !   "
why is my mom trying to hook me up with random girls smh '
damn there is a ton of good music out there . gotta love lime wire '
pause at some of yall questions lol (eddycurry live &gt;   '
  shoo !! he's mine !!!! "
rt   :   yea i jus got back im fast ! good so i don't have to take y "
  thanx for the follow i got u and followed backk '
tremendo video . stop motion y post-it ,   '
"economia: primi segnali positivi !": mutui e prestiti l `ad di fi ...   '
much respect 2 the jackson family .. michaels music will live inside us 4 ever ..the king of pop will never be 4 gotten ..... '
rt   why a mac is really the only option . can your pc do this ? the next web   (via   ) '
  thats what i do too .. but the ilife dmg on on my external hdd .. the non-working one .. '
rt   devastation live - john choi vs ricky ortiz , next : justin wong vs edma - watch it at   '
fountain scores a pb 4038 to forge a big lead - us heptathlon champs , day 1   '
amsterdam , gerard schaepstraat (1052gl)   '
keller -"why is it called a coaster ? if you put wheels on it would it be a rollercoaster ?" again , i love you keller .   '
rt - get hundreds of new followers free -   '
check this video out -- at the cross - father & son   '
how cool is this ?   '
elton john bennie and the jets   '
rt   : rt   : rt :   : imax << '
hp support chat is slowwwwwww '
can you jerk ? jerk status on lean ! '
photo : love it . looove it . wastedxyouth :   '
exclusive tour of the fantasy factory : www .younghollywood.com we spend the day with pro skateboarder and mtv sta ..   '
rt   your content should educate , engage , entertain and entice   '
if the facists us govt passes c &t our cost of living will double ; da feds will require all of us to conform to their way . - wake up america ! '
making cakes :) '
  '
north korea may fire missile at u .s. on independence day   :-/ '
rt   : cross game episode 13 english sub :   '
zotta : "nu numai o bar a mpiedicat rapidul s joace n europa , au fost i alte lucruri "   '
rt :   blog post : ctv news - mayor of vancouver opens city hall community garden ...   '
why is it so hard to buy a speedo ? just a regular speedo damn it '
rt   lance from nj is leaning yes (202) 225 -5361 castle from de is leaning yes 202 -225-4165 call !!!! '
rt   : it's pretty awesome , man .. good job :) "
rt   mythbusters : marketing edition -   '
rt :   : after meeting saeed hajarian , his wife said he's in a worrisome situation . "
de novo na casa do   mas dessa vez s a gente e a   ..amigos encalhados vendo filme de terror asasashuashuas '
rt   : air france flight 447 crash families get initial payout : $24,000 per person   '
rt   networking activo se incorpora al programa de internet meeting point   '
o que fazer com os ingressos do show de michael jackson ???? '
  lma 0 !!!!! hell nah !!!!! im hella mad at dat ......well ummm ........u rite . dat was after we div 0 rced th0 . u kn0 l0l . '
twitter = money ??   '
    hey dude ;)))) love u xd <3 for kiro '
  good luck beautiful :) love you ! '
  this system makes mack at least $171,168.06 per month and you can start using it in 15 minutes '
oh snap ! how much money have i given for kings of leon ???   '
back at you , i love dallas , texas '
rt   : talking planets poo humor singing = planet palz   '
  no , the english take the piss out of france , the rest of europe treats belgium like america does canada ....   '
ahhh---choo ! choo ! choo ! choo !   '
[iss/2hrtopass/nakedeyeng] direction :w279 at 6 :06:25,maxattack:20deg in nw320 at 6 :08:24 '
rt   : "attachment constrains our vision so that we are not able to see things from a wider perspective ." ~dalai lama (let go .) '
  happy birthday with 4 jear anniversary jamrock and more to come jah bless you always and jamrock lv busy and damaru !! '
  olha , no perder nenhum jogo em dois anos e meio no para pipoqueiros ... '
are you using   yet ? besides recommending you to relevant folks , he also helps you discover them as well !   '
much gratitude to           for .. imo you overshadow me .. still , many thx ! '
rt   new ! followers who have listed themselves at   get a dm when a new tweep joins their zip . '
range rover vouge spares or repair (walton on thames , price : 300 )   '
rt   journos i'd trust w / my idea's life .               "
: insomnia '
rt   : please retweet : just signed petition 'please don't cancel the unusuals !!' -   "
ok '
rt   : basij killer of known : "they let him go . but they took his identity card ."   iran '
fear is the prison of the conscious mind , do let it imprison you from following new people because you might find that one person '
    says hi ...he's kinda shy , so here's something 4 u :   (sorry in advance ) "
  ya lo hice tmb ! y sigue apareciendo ! :'( "
mislim da fotka govori sve ...   '
xaviermedia has found a way to get thousands of twitter followers :   '
continental schliet reifenwerk traiskirchen - orf .at   '
prefeitura de so paulo lana hoje o portal da transparncia ! um bom exemplo a ser seguido pelos demais prefeitos ! '
you say you want a revolution ... convinces one more twitter skeptic   via   '
  '
  blackballing is a type of ousting .   '
ad : let your campaigns go viral with magpie . check out :   '
business opportunity with alloy wheels - uk-muscle body building ...   '
follow friday :) '
i can't handle his accent .. it absolutely drives me nuts !   "
  *tw* '
  is twangle a victom of the twitpocalypse ? tweet-ids and everything else seems fine on my end ... '
just listed on etsy , turquoise ceramic "tile" pendant on silver chain   '
real thing | peter fox | wetten dass | twitter-like homepage remember | uproar over | bang bang |   '
  dude ! it's that company that made coconut run !   "
telegraaf [12:14] veel doden door aanslagen   '
looks like im going to baltimore tomorrow ? sayy whatt ?! going to bed now , night =] '
rt   : capitol and story ...slow traffic due to construction according to garish who called us at 575 -1600..thanks.mcleod/kliv '
former marine ..in serious debt now averages $80k a month right here on the internet .   '
'
universities cope with new anti-piracy requirement - cio .com ...: reis ' headaches began at the end of last s ..   "
  bring him on mugglecast ! por favorrrrr '
follow friday follow ........@missjuels see what's poppin ...... "
2 nd day of the assembly , more interesting than the first , good stuff today , more to come later .... '
if ever a marriage was repairable this one was--if she thinks this will bring a measure of peace she needs to think again-turmoil just begun '
still no plans on sat night in d ? join us for comedy , music , magic , music & comedy !   night oh cabaret plz rt ! '
your number one source for all things jonas brothers .   '
    &   '
pixma repair how do we view the fax messages stored in memory ?   '
rt send emails to news stations telling them not to post people's usernamers on tv ! this is crucial ! "
rt   : the winner of game four has won the series the last 9 out of eleven times , tim duncan just called me and told me that '
tobacco audit available in staunton , va . . details at   '
sydney today ! melbs tomorrow rt   :   come back to sydney please ! '
rt   house narrowly advances cap & trade to the floor   will cost you money . call now !   '
new post from iran : a view from the frontline -     '
heading into minneapolis to see some friends and get some pizza . '
mtv , bbc cnn '
i believe , your doing wrong . '
rt   : o fds poderia ter uns 4 dias :d '
working on a beading project that will say "welcome^ & that we \'re going to hang in the barn . '
client just dropped off some baby goodies for me to take back to alberta . ahem ... nice packaging .   '
rt   : first peek at footage from our western , trail of gold . music video by sean michael :   '
  i know . i'm reworking the shorts cause i really like white shorts right now ! white shorts with blue ... sick ! super tight kit . "
ipod   '
bout to go bed , at last man u get rid of ronaldo . and wondering y mj's body is to be released when c .o.d not known ?? "
    - me and mom was looking @ this picture earlier , luvin it !!! '
rt   if madonna died .. mtv would'nt have gone out like this . fuck you bet and your bitch ass show . <--- a-fckin-men "
  watching the 3 of you on a repeat . sprague mansion . '
rt   : after you missmove the bullseye closer ?   '
rt   : i found this facinating . bill cosby 1963   '
photo : geek orthodox : adventurers comic books !   '
  dmtwitter   '
sitting in regional caucus ! doesn't that sound fun ! "
connubio d'amore di alessandro spinelli   "
  - forget learning it ! just copy it '
aici e   in actiune   '
  por aki , nem tudo to bom , mas tambem nada que assuste :) to tentando a 2 dias criar um novo post , ta dificil :p '
chrome and firefox 3.5 memory usage   '
meri on her razor scooter . she's fearless !   "
panic ..........http://budurl.com/amzl '
heading to diabetes class to learn what not to eat '
/   '
product manager (mumbai india ) - cybercoders .com - massachusetts   '
dream on .   ~8ixop '
  carrie underwoods video is better -_- '
felix salmon blog archive thursday links stick their head in ...: there is a finite and relatively very smal ..   '
how to keep from drowning in social media -   via   '
oh wow ... this is epic .   '
.     [ on ad [es ] '
bagelpod dual interlocks prevents user from accidentally touching the bladeshttp ://snipr.com/gn1ds '
i just attacked   and won .   '
ha finito di leggere il prigioniero di azkaban ed ora attende impaziente il calice di fuoco . '
rt   a seleo t tomando na dunga . '
rt   : iremember when they said it would never be a black president .... obama thx you ... rt this !   '
rt   : dictators are just babies who never grew up . -- yeah , with spoiled habits .... '
  hahaha , danny's just adorable and awesome and uber cool :') "
vejam o novo videoclip da beyonc - broken hearted girl :   '
ok . this is more fucking like it . all my "bros" came over and we \'re going to drink beers and play ping pong and scratch ourselves . sad ? who ? '
cookies crumbling : youtube takes a small step to increase privacy of whitehouse .gov visitors -   | important first step . '
us too , especially the print . rt   : i am loving these flirty skirts !   '
bed timez :]   '
rt vote for   !   '
web design build questions to ask new clients simon day professional web designer since 1997 -   '
bbcnews : us billionaire stanford in court   '
wvxu news : several ohio lawmakers want to revisit tax breaks   '
morning drive : is the u .s. open too hard on golfers ?   '
bought $jazz @ 4.55 - verified by covestor -   '
  well i'm not tom but , happy birthday :) "
new president and chief executive officer at the foundation of greater montreal : montreal , june 16 /cnw telbec ..   '
nuevas imgenes de splinter cell : conviction '
dear   and   , thank you !!! you rock my world . automata is pure , refined , essence of genius .   '
- photo :   '
bonanza today 5 -8 pst . 40 % off 40 items . fine jewelry , plus sizes , more . some items already on clearance .   '
super etude sur le dialogue citoyen :   !!! '
byline portal : the pacific isnt the only ocean collecting plastic trash   '
rt = (corrected link ) is this seriously a real product ?   look at the ingredients ! nasty '
new intel bill will protect pelosi not americans : the newest intelligencebill beforemembers of the u ..   '
fiestasss fiestas !!! hay que desfasarse ...planing pa hoy .. que viene m-clan ! (wow...)   '
get 400 followers a day using   '
blonde in bikini fishing :   '
  nur aus interesse . heit es - oder - ? was erkennt wahlgetwitter ? bei den anderen parteien klar . '
  via   - drug use at work ..haha       '
has anyone used the new sharpie pen yet ? i love them , they write like a dream . |   '
play aiononline .com the computer game is simply amazing !   '
i just took the "what should your middle name really be ?" quiz and got : angel ! try it :   '
rt   : rt basij headquarters in tehran destroyed . confirmed by bbc .   '
rt     obliteration is obviously alliteration -- only after alcoholic absorption . :~) '
rt   abcnews .com piece on iran's strategic arrests   "
scratch last update . what am i talking about , it's sunday already ! i requested monday off so weekend is so not over yet . que loca . "
  i might , i might not--depends on how busy the shop is as we're still operating full shop over weekend ! have wedding cakes ! "
rt     : great for locals :         (thanks! love to find new local tweeps ) '
der liner am wiener : ene standseilbahn fr wien kommt   '
selbstgemachter milchshakes n olli & moritz :d '
a closer look at the iphone 3 g s   '
uber is gobbling up my battery ! no hype ! '
rt   : apple releases macbook pro update that lets those macbook pros use the 3 gbps sata specification   '
cloud computing promises are foggy -   '
lawlawl !! rt   :   lawl '
  jajajaja , si chvez fuera anti-rgimen de irn , seguro inventara una noticia as '
the secret strategies of the underground lotto pros to systematically win the lotto :   '
'
  that was the line though "guess what i \'m doing , wrong again " it was what jeff goldblum was saying '
wanna end it all ... tired of the run arounds ! hope that youll have atleast the decency to talk to me about it instead of not minding the ... '
col . downs turfcup &brews fest **pre-civil war house tour **solstice wine fest   **cen.va winefest **church hill walktour **http://bit.ly/9eahf '
waldo crawldo | brad pitt | cute movie | harper's island | man crush | monkey pee | new single |   "
kkkkkkk !!! rt   : "@aplusk please retweet our pledge for so maybe we can reach the unreachable ! we count on you !!!!" '
ff naar balletvoering van m'n nichtje in bloemendaal "
at a wedding on the beach . one of the princess ' friends is getting married . "
'
he's right .. rt   : so beautiful ....   "
i believe that sonisphere ticket is still up for grabs folks . '
  i was there ! '
omg check out this site thats getting me tons of followers a day , it actually works unlike other sites :   '
onte eu consegui ir na pior festa do rio de janeiro . . '
whoa ! get over 300 followers everyday from :   '
[scotsman.com] election separation bill passed : council elections will no longer be held on the same ..   '
want to make $9-14 an hour doing simple surveys ?   '
cute little glass snail sculpture   '
  hello drlove ;) '
thanks to screenless switchers , i am now using safari in group mode . it smokes dom . i can read blogs with no interaction ! yay ! '
          i told her ass to chill the fuck out before i started smh . nicely '
  thanks for the rt . i thought you might be the one to know . you seem like an iphone pro ! it happend after i syncs with my mac . hmmm '
new blog post : weight loss and acai berry supplements   '
  i want to say i have (a) heart of gold ! hook it up , pretty pleaseee '
my heart is beating way too hard . it's like it wants to escape . "
dfw news : juneteenth marked with friday display of executive order that freed texas slaves 2 :04 pm ct   '
'
rt   : baseball trivia : three of the five oldest stadiums in mlb are in calif . -- dodger stadium (62), angels (66), oakland (66)... '
happy friday people !!!! i'm excited cuz tonight i dance in the rain to nkotb !! i got my poncho , my hoodie , and hopefully waterproof camera . "
it's time for some creamy hot chocolate ! *slurp* any recommendations besides mocha ? the one at ccd sucks "
  compare os posteres trama internacional x intrigas de estado x duplicidade ...que falta de criatividades ... '
bible & coffee - ps 111 :4 it is a grace and a mercy to remember the works of god in our life and in others . '
  watch this !!!!!!!   '
finally . just ordered gladiator on blu-ray   '
gadgetfeed : [techmeme] the web collapses under the weight of michael jacksons death (mg siegler /techcrunch)     '
demand luke bryan bring his album release show to boise ! top city gets the show ! use zip code 83702 to vote -   '
hark , who goes there ? i can't see so well , due to the fact that i'm buried up to my eyeballs in shit . "
i feel like i was just at a twitter celebrity party ! '
printer for sale - xerox 8560 dn phaser color printer brand new !!! - go to   by   [1573] '
rt :   : photon's new sez is approved at dlf @ guindy , chennai !! new facility will be online by end august . hooray ! "
  where are you ??? its cold in newcastle !!! :( rp '
from fe : the latest report shows includes very little foreclosure activity in nebraska , and the state st ..   '
  check this kid out lol   '
neda extreem   '
ahora si a trabajarrrrrrr ......... '
i have had the best time with   and   ! '
  hi man ! please answer the mail ! thanks ! '
unit manager-medical /sugical - sinai health system - il - chicago (http://tinyurl.com/ntocrj) careerbuilder '
  - bear . '
can somebody please bring me over some soup ?! dayum ! quit playin !!!!!! **hair flip and eye roll ** hehe '
...   '
what do you do to save money on paintball ?: lots of people are hurting in the current economy , but just because ..   '
rt   iran need to communicate /coordinate still exists from 1 :30-3:15 am tomorrow . till the crisis is over . '
girl talk at the rabbit hole in south burg '
doh , cornell security breach leaks 45 k member's pii including my sister's !   "
aplicarn en francia tickets de transporte con celulares   '
rt   : there is going to be a brightkite /phoenix friday nights event on july 3 rd that is gonna be off the hook !!! '
got a mean game of uno going , and guess who's winning ?! the champ is here ! "
scratching my nail polish off ... '
  wrd ich bei engrishfunny einschicken '
  damn , look like its gone be magic and lakers again '
php / mysql software engineer - cheshire - 28 k - 35 k : 28000 - 35000 per annum : cheshire : php developer req ..   '
and the bad news keeps coming ... '50s sitcom star gale storm passes away :   "
  ,   perhaps bho is abusing his "women"? sotomayor broke an ankle "at the airport " now hillary ... hmmmm '
lumagoo's_sphere twitter status : rate limit exceeded : i read through a book that one of the patr ..   "
shit estan pasando el unico aptulo de futurama que me hace llorar , el del perro de fry , no puedo volverlo a ver :'( "
rt   twitter postpones maintenance because of iran   '
i have to help 3 people i don't know , today ! i will be better today than yesterday for my wife and my boys ! live , love , laugh , learn ! "
the black keys "run me down "   '
superman proves batman is just as lame as aquaman , and that's pretty lame   "
loaded up snack & drinks for the pool hope the crazy guys done eat it all up with in a week &lt;tduf&gt; '
rt   firefox 3.5 approaches 1 million downloads ; watch in real-time -   '
cozy ski cabin (incline village ) $425000 3 bd : ede ..   '
playing imvu '
want a chance to win iphone 3 gs ?   and   r giving 1 away pls rt . more info here :   '
rt   : make : cyclecide : the heavy pedal cyclecide bike rodeo is featured on make : tv . -->...   '
uncool .   is using word to render emails in outlook , killing standards support . see   and rt '
frosted mini wheats for breakfast . 2 days til finals ! too bad i dont have my monologue memorized '
en abc : los reyes visitan la marina australiana , que da trabajo a miles de espaoles   '
  lol when i skimmed ur tweet , i read , "imma get some ass " lol '
library news & notes 6 /26/09:   '
listening to "elvis presley jailhouse rock 1957 colour - "   ~84u0p '
going hey hey hey hey hey   ~k047p0 by now , you know its easy '
hate the rain , but love thunderstorms . '
just completed a jewelry store robbery job   '
tales runner gameplay video mmorpg game | winwab .com   '
in the market for some new flatware ? check out our flatware buying guide to find great tips on how to buy :   '
rt         jordan chandler admits he lied about mj   ..that's   "
new : judith supine , bird brain , nyc : judith supine is creating great stuff right now ..   (via   ) '
  '
rt   ideas 4 rent : coupons .com downloads in 2009 so far beat all of 2008     '
new weightloss info : foods to avoid on a low carb diet (http://cli.gs/nrhn8a) '
  - teehee this @ a bar . '
disagree with   's prediction fb & twitter 2 follow myspace's footsteps to financial woes .     "
rt   as google releases farsi english translation & friday prayers held , expect high spike in disinfo . '
ddb does up cannes   '
aint rainin here shawty ! then agin there are no windows in the yo so could right lol   '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   : social media speaker series panelists announced   '
  url /**/ '
rt   twitter will allow more than 140 characters . [itotally agree . @ least gimme 200 ...] '
enable "carrier testing " on itunes for windows "itunes.exe /setprefint carrier-testing 1 " tethering ftw   '
twitter survey - how to shake negative feelings -   '
team member reviews today . i'm lucky that everyone is so good . "
i just got rear-ended on my bike ......shit its gonna cost me .... '
tr-t has first book jacket /author picture .   '
beautiful day in the neighborhood ... @ nichols rd & river rd   '
highlights - sri lanka bowl over spirited ireland - bbc sport : guardian .co.ukhighlights - sri lanka bowl over sp ..   '
  '
jello : photos from the jell-o mold competition - some of this is pretty impressive   '
i will be one of the official rw judges . rt   strider mile & 3000 m racewalk 15 aug 09   (rw) '
cables : category : referencecables went from $0.99 to $1.99click here to download it on itunes "cables" is an art ..   '
watching 'college world series opening round ' on sportswii 1 ---   all free ---   "
trojaner bei kunden entfernt und erklrt was das problem ist . da htte mir der link geholfen , sehr anschaulich :   '
give kids ' own space - hartford courant   "
great day for an airshow f -15 strike eagle is a sweet jet , worked on it's computers for years good to see one again   "
  happy saturday !! '
loving the fresh fruit n veggies at prahran market !! '
rt   :   - use the tag ! '
rt   coweta co . ga - 3 puppies , 15 cats urgent rescue . will be pts tomorrow .   3 minutes ago from web '
wisst ihr , was aufmerksamkeitskonomie ist ? ich habe gerade ein anschauliches beispiel .khler hat die ganzen zen ..   '
rt   : "you block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith ." - mary manin morrissey '
hiding under the covers . '
rt   : prepared is not being ready 2 handle wht u expect its having the what 2 takes 2 overcome tht which u could have nver anticipated '
freelance jobs ! php script fix + minor changes by saelbeth   '
the proactive e-mail for websphere adapters was distributed today .   '
the highest peak in the netherlands .   '
  i know u_u but i still love him &lt;/3 '
  what late night shows ? '
rt   :   and     '
rt   : lansing , mi dem missing :   '
is playing : "spare change " by lisa kay deeter on   '
listening to "pounding (live) - doves "   ~8wlab '
  just sending you cyber love for brightening my day with the old radio shows & stand up dvds .x '
marilyn manson and lady gaga . insane <3   '
rt   :   thousands rally in iran : defeated iranian presidential candidate mir hossein mousavi has joined thousand ... '
(please rt ) - smart project about business and services on twitter ! (please rt !)   '
rt   : cnn again saying they r getting the news 1 st on twitter via     '
... zend est le rapprochement de "zeev suraski et andy gutmans " ... '
rt   : just went to ventana and it was the bomb .. '
rt   : mousavi gave a speech asking for re-election .khatami gave a seprate speech with the same request '
rt   win a pair of pediped originals !!!   '
rt   : yo loyalty isnt meant for the weak you bitch ass ninjas big love to     for   bday !!!!! '
the people next door need to clean there backyard . theres this big giant plant growing . '
rt   youtube abraham on martin luther king     '
just read a smoothie recipe requiring a peeled banana . really ? is someone really that stupid to eat a banana in its entirety ? '
is going to have father's day steamboat tonight . major yums !   "
rt   : gr8 audience 4 social innovation session , also being watched by 250 + ppl thru webcast . pwc stressing csr & impact . '
hey , interested in free seo high quality content ebooks ? then visit and instantly download free ebooks , now !:   '
rt   in depth profile of ali larinjani - speaker of iran's parliament . fascinating read .   "
rt   : if u a proud father ..tweet a picture of ya kid 2 mrw morning ! pass it on retweet this !       '
rt   youtube lanza el reporterscenter . videos ensean tcnicas para hacer periodismo   '
rt : altar call now !!! send prayer request or ur name to   or   we will pray 4 u . '
img _1195   '
"accused al qaeda mastermind khalid sheik mohammed complained that interrogators tortured lies out of him   '
rt   in hot springs arkansas ...they sure named this place right (it's hot because you are there ) "
  that's a lot of evil in one sentence "
emergency medicine medical jobs | twitter job finder   '
aha's from mc financials : recruit talented re agents and avg . agents - consult /coach/train - watch expenses . great job john prescott . "
lsass exe errors and ways to prevent them : author : brian williamsisass exe errors can be serious lsass exe is a ..   '
  - ohhh yah ! :) sooo stoked ! '
sudden urge of looking for better workplaces !!! '
very cool ! rt   : rt   : how to : create vivid social media scrapbooks -   '
  '
submit     '
have to go get anti-allergy medicine . drs have proven allergies & low wallet weight are related . '
egunon !!lunes de nuevo , sin muchos planes para hoy adems de ir a currar :-) todava tengo secuelas del fin de semana '
watching the ama webinar "re-engaging site browsers and cart abandoners w /effective display advertising " '
rt   * 17 websites with free css menu resources   '
aprroving myspace comments ...over 14 k wow htf i'm gon do this ? let's not talk about the 21 k messages in my inbox lawd ! "
amazing covenant : "focus, even if it \'s shiney ." '
jquerystyle .com update : jquery infinite carousel -   '
wow been awhile senice i been on here .. luckys up early and playin .. watching saved by the bell didn't even kno it still played on tv "
i'm jonesin ' for your body , so come on let's get naughty tonight ! "
rt   : to nurture , teach and prepare to become responsible and respecting adults ...our job as parents :) '
it's too hot ....   ~8zqrk "
  thats making the best out of shitty wheather '
the drawer labeled things i dont understand   '
watching whale wars wit my girl ddlovato '
rt   : iphone 3 gs graphics even more powerful than imagined ?   '
borg makes u-turn and backs federer : a year after bjorn borg wrote off roger federer's chances of capturing the ..   "
rt   : inside a slaughterhouse :   1000 words wasn't enough . "
rt   :         lmao ! noo plz don \'t "bad boy " us !< i am rolling '
tried local yogurt in last night . plain yogurt with honey is seriously good . tangy plus sweet !   '
38 % szerint nem tenne jt a jobbik parlamentbe jutsa a magyar kzletnek . 24 % szerint jt tenne , 35 % bizonytalan .   '
they don't see you as i do i wish they would try to i'm sure they'd think again "
armchair golf briefs :   '
rt   : dizer que no se gosta de mj normal , deixar de admitir o talento e a relevncia da obra estupidez (via   ) '
when i was eating my corn chips , all i could think was , 'i want sum nachos ...' "
its funny cuz jim rome is actually burnin '
  if you have some time to kill , i'd love some feedback :   :) "
  eh , posted ? *curious* '
bumper to bumper . no ones moving . been like this for 20 mins on i -15. lucky me . fml . see yall in another 3 hrs   '
cryengine 3 (360/ps3) vs cryengine 2 (pc) - high def forum - your ...   '
customer service representative - australian airline - new job posted   '
rt   cap and trade congress in 2010 & obama in 2012   '
  pior !!! o .o' o google rpido mesmo !!! enfim , eles no podem ficar atrs das tendncias . =o "
  , that's a sign that you're tired & it's time to go to sleep . [inside] "
teoria do playmobil : nada do que possa acontecer vai tirar esse sorriso do meu rosto . '
rt   first leed platinum home in va :   // ...and thanks for the follow ! '
  you do to exist . ;) '
  what i care is if it still makes ppl dizzy . the 1 st one made me wanna throw up as playing doom for 4 hrs nonstop '
(bbc) loyalists ' weapons move confirmed   "
rt   watch "transformers 2 " free here movie online   michael bay '
dealing with these clowns '
: moderate cleric killed in pakistan   '
118800 - make ur mobile number ex-directory ! ..   '
  keep the great videos coming ! big fan (: '
2002 cadillac eldorado etc special edition 1498 of 1596 ever made ! (ozone park ) $8995   '
yep . rt   : your a jerk your a jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk '
new blog post : guerres : l'onu veut renforcer le droit d'ingrence humanitaire   ... "
i don't think bali is a right place to go to with your parents   "
boa noite !! '
rt   : new blog post : "the music for freedom project " -   - - '
rt   : good job on your panel     . of course , excellent moderation by   ! '
g '
i realise   beat me to this but check shane langan's comedy stylings this evening   "
gordinho s faz gordisse   '
starr says : married with 7 kids lies and cheats   '
twitter updates for 2009 -06-29   '
no habia visto el video antes de subirlo a vimeo , definitivamente no me gusto '
you , go this way . you , go that way . i'm gonna walk round here in a circle . "
  - green day :) '
tagdef :   sorry , we don't have a definition for yet , why don't you add one at   "
rt   :   - patty warming up to play tonight !! '
top news : iran 'to hold election recount '   "
american apparel 2456 organic cotton v-neck t-m-natural ..   '
well i'm here and i already saw the magic happen ! a smile is all it took so far . but wait .....there's more lol . i love it ! "
  090617 b1 -1 video '
i am ready for friday ...after work . '
time to start my adventures . '
  sorry i didn't get to meet you this morning . glad you liked the event . i'm dan's sm maven . "
miami fathers day   our selection of homemade desserts '
rt   : my nightmare realized .   (this is like your friend   !) '
all truly great thoughts are conceived by walking . ~nietzsche '
ps - i got an interview ! yay , it has been so long ! '
chris khalil wrote an article for the punch :   chris khalil wrote an article for the punch : ..   '
posted 'obama's health care plan ' to blip .tv:   "
rt   pode ter algum com uma arma na cabea do luxemburgo , fazendo ele confirmar ao telefone que foi demitido . melhor no publicar . '
  do you want to know more about the moon conjunction south node , ketu in your chart ? '
(new post ) shiroi haru - episode 1   '
saosin "i can tell there was an accident "   '
to dentro dessa rt   rt   sp dia 01 /07 19 h marcha concentrao no masp . tragam apitos e buzinas ! '
  nah , but they did have the one in gilroy , not sure if it's still there "
this was a very disrespectful show lmfao but ya know rip mike '
rt the rain may be letting up , but now the frenzy of mold inspections and removal . green solutions for toxic b ..   '
up front : should broadband providers offer customers tiered ...   '
just added myself to   - permian high school '64 "
rival to pakistan's taliban chief killed : a tribal leader who vowed to lead an uprising against pakistan's most ..   "
teamhell just flipped me the bird and told me to 'swing on it tarzan '. don't want to follow me , maybe i don't want to follow you - i do . "
at least it's better than a drag . "
syncing is bad , marking a single tweet as read is impossible and it crashes 1 in 2 times '
is your downline shrinking like a cheap cotton t-shirt ? mine was , now im doing over $10,000 in a single day day -   '
doctor who tended neda soltan breaks his silence : the doctor who tended neda soltan , the girl whose death on a s ..   '
: ) breathe and be inspired ! ty rt     : "the joy of a spirit is the measure of its power ."ninon de lenclos '
  zon .....ben haast vergeten wat dat is .. '
young people are super heros in wigan and leigh :   '
  an embroidered pocket diaper & a pail liner , but no sign of them in the mail yet '
  woa u juss took my mind right off da game wit dat lol '
new methodist cult   '
hit and runs   '
listen live in one hour to kibble is kibble is kibble , naturally ! - show on atn .   '
rt   "hateful people are loud to disguise their cowardice & shame ." me : sounds like liberals .... '
hope charms are back in stock :   '
: round 1 anaheim select : kyle palmieri   '
former chief will not face criminal charges in fatal wreck .   '
mir hossein mousavi sunday is the anniversary of 7 th . tir martyrs , there will be a gathering in "ghoba" mosque and its legal !please share '
$11.50 - kingston 4 gb secure digital high-capacity (sdhc) flash card model sd4 /4gb - retail   '
michael jackson died read more   '
who is behind all this = hojjatieh the croc is puppet master rt sepah wake up '
i \'m always slightly disappointed when a huge thunderclap isn \'t followed by an evil bloke going "mwahaha!" (via   ) '
rt   rt   : gang-rape victim says she and others were silenced by halliburton :   '
  hey bobby , :) i just realized how to use this @ feature . wishing you well . '
  folks who bridge their replies to twitter that might post to   . i don't bridge replies from identi .ca to twitter . sorry , dude . "
  500 '
for the record , my nap started at 3 :15. and by "search party " i literally mean dwayne and sean driving around looking for me . '
using digsby for im , email , and twitter -   '
rt   de cortar o corao ! pixar realiza ltimo desejo de menina , c /sesso particular de up   '
job ! env artist wanted !   propaganda games plz retweet '
rallis india - mid cap stock idea | best stocks to buy | how to ...   '
gettin bored ,   lg ngbrl sm sodaranya -_- '
  - on the highway to bris '
rt   :   c'mon america lets make e ! a free zone , they are so not worthy of anymore airtime ! 2 gether w ... "
just played miami for the first time , thank you for everyone packing that place out and making it the hottest place on earth '
rt   : controversial suggestion by hbr : hire fewer engineers , more anthropologists .   agree /disagree? '
  what ?! she unfollowed demi ?! ok ,i'm worried for miley now d : "
bout to hit the gym w /ash....tgif tho !! '
can't find my bank card :(   "
nascar - dale earnhardt fan club fanny bag   '
  if he does slam stallworth , you can bet discipline becomes a wedge issue at the negotiating table . '
casa en buen estado aislada con antejardin y estacionamiento para 3 autos .consta de hall de entrada , recib ...   '
ensinando o vico a mexer no twitter :dd lafjidsfjo *-* &lt;3 '
the twins are starting to bite each other again . i thought we passed this phase . '
  '
  - my birthday cake ! (: '
malcolm gladwell : what we can learn from spaghetti sauce   '
real time strategy via google maps :   '
rt   : "first they ignore you , then they laugh at you , then they fight you , then you win ." - mahatma ghandi '
bishop 98409 rt : coast 2 disarray : tone trump - countdown to trump life (video)   '
presented by sflm show report : future fest packs expo center with colorful charact ...: courtes ..   '
  ah ok pues si , tuviste transiciones '
rt   the dunk takes on trade speculation , trying to imagine progress through tayshaun prince .   '
my friend in greece started a facebook fan page , check it out ! joinn   '
earn 75 % per sale - time management , procrastination course ...   '
rt   gerade ne runde im pool gedreht   '
hey   will check your youtube message from saturn 5 ive and respond ? (parkertutorial live >   '
yay !!! rt   : lausd announces it is canceling nearly 500 layoff notices .   '
rt   just for you , my friends : pre-order the state complete series dvd , save $$ get a free t-shirt !   '
  good luck ! '
electricalvehicles .com is for sale ! make us and offer and lets make a deal . cheers ! '
rt   :   obviously   deserves a declaration of awesomeness as well then :) fa-finally ! '
"coleman... said he would abide by the decision of the minnesota supreme court " that \'s mighty big of you , norm !   '
  read his wiki under 'platform,' you're likely to be comfortable with his stances "
relaxing at the hague before heading back to the uk for a big night . as usual i woke up in the hotel 5 mins after breakfast closed ! '
interesting article re : twitter /iran connection being overblown . (via   )   '
  '
rt   set your twitter accounts to tehran time to stop the ir auth from tracking the kids who use it . '
new blog up .   '
6 /13: red sox +107 at phillies -115. total 9.5 . brought to you by   (http://bit.ly/obpzv) '
rt   : tiki bar tv episode 44 : gypsy   '
ganhar r $ 2.313 ,30 para entregar caf meio periodo e morar em um prdio de graa ? amigos do sarney podem !   '
  i'm on virgins 20 mb /s fibre optic connection and i get less than that . on fibre . fail .   "
  check this out   '
did michael jackson fake his own death ?   '
currently reading :   '
rt   : internet will become paid system within five years   <- barry diller has a rich fantasy life . '
rt   :   se ela independente e n est submetida s decises do bloco , podemos concluir k o be n tem cmaras ... '
despite the ...   '
i simply adore this pic ! pure bliss ! rt   myindianasummer pic : knee deep in the daisies   '
i just took the "what does the music you like say about your personality ?" quiz and got : jam bands ! try it :   '
sunday 21 st june 2009 happy fathers day dad ! xd happy 22 nd birthday andrew xd just got home from a bbq ...   '
updated my blog with make real money online with rb money club - new website points the way   '
  me !   enjoy my 80 's wanna-be pete burns dave gahan on steroids . "
good morning ! rt   : sunrise at orange beach in port dunaway ...up working on     '
    you should try bawls . tastes as though it was plucked from the ovaries of angels . '
:   '
video : cliffy barz interviews prodigy and mobb deep   '
rt   : rt     worrying absolutely serves no purpose but 2 bring u more things 2 worry abt ! i nded tht '
would you believe me if i told you i was the announcer for this arcade game ?   '
entertainment video : lisa marie presley : michael predicted his death   '
listening to "dirty diana - michael jackson "   ~8b9oh '
  ya tei pani i m downloading one ..haha yaha sunna ko lagi ..gar lana mildaina ..k garne .. '
huge increase in printed electronics toolkit   '
rt :     lmao (his tweets at least -- he's a good business dude lol ) "
rt :   : em instantes riquelme d coletiva aos jornalistas argentinos :   '
i just took the "which nkotb would marry you ?" quiz and got : jordan ! try it :   '
recommended   to   'she's very cool , great tweets , great person to follow & she's from ireland :-)'   "
wants a new head . '
rt   (...) pior seria no exigirem diploma de proctologista . prefiro ler notcia cheia de erros do que no poder sentar para ler . '
at &t wants me to pay $599 for an iphone 3 gs 16 gb , and says i can't upgrade until july 2010 !??   "
listening to "i walk the line - johnny cash "   ~8l088 '
  '
rt   : there is no longer any excuse to be a twidiot -   '
rt   minutes left for our prototype giveaway   '
keeping tabs on north korea   '
make sure yhu dnt fall in love cuzz i anit got da time for dat ! i chase money ! '
we live once boys , let's enjoy life together ...!~!~~~   "
journalist news senior broadcast journalist , radio current affairs - bbc - england     '
howdy   '
how did eddie murphy transition from classic movies like "coming to america & golden child " to bullshit like "imagine that ?" '
bleh ... trying to record a keyboard lick , but my fingers aren't moving right .... i'm really digging the farfisa /accoridian synth w / dist /vrb "
  via   you will begin training your brain with insights and new scientific discoveries '
mc hammer flash mob . pure genius .   '
lucro dos grandes bancos cai 38,1 % no primeiro trimestre , aponta bc ..   '
sera que ya le encontraron el ruidito al carrito ? '
  new club banger "young gunnie aka skool boi - fresher than a mutha fucka (remix) click the link &gt;&gt;&gt;   '
waaaaaaaaaa .....so much to do , not in the mood , too many ideas , no time , stupid stuff , important stuff ....waaaaaaa! '
nhl playoff : la stanley cup dei penguins   '
back in texas after short road trip of 360 miles or so .... el paso for a couple oif days in el paso , tx   '
this is seriously messed up :   '
read the first post to "diary of a mad fat women @   '
das iphone funktioniert bestens - juhu '
rt   : "what if ashley biden was bristol palin ?" // she would have finished high school and not gang banged the hockey team rt   '
learn to rock on guitar with rock guitar power - earn 65 % of up to $62! the only guitar course that teaches specifically how to play roc ... '
  '
rt   : thank you jacques cousteau for your dedication to science & discovery !   '
rt   michael jackson dies at 50 . rip , king of pop .   '
  that shit would be off the chain '
haha there was a blackout in my neighborhood . it was soo dark . '
  can you have another chat ? '
2009 splash bash sweepstakes   '
drinky drinky tonight '
rt   : reader tutorial : making little planets in photoshop   tasarhane wordpress theme photoshop css design '
  thanks for the rt nice blog btw the way .. wish mine was as cool :-( '
  this is the chinese book you were looking for ?   100 sentences parents shouldnt say to their children '
lil wayne , chris brown mourn michael jackson's death : 'i personally can't believe it ,' lil wayne says of the kin ..   "
  i know i know i want dinner tho ! i dont know where to go ! '
  third travel blog up :) normality to resume tomorrow .. kinda enjoyed my technology-free vacation '
rt   : if the devil is trying to attack you and things aren't going well then you're probably doing something right . "
lake pleasants scorpion bay marina receives its permanent certificate of occupancy . restaurant nearly done .   '
just how financially healthy is your small business , anyway ?   '
  i feel you '
respect your mother signature clay pendant . donation to enviro group with purchase !   '
leffa oli sit , mit odotinkin . isoja tunteita ilman valtavaa ahdistusta . seven pounds :   '
  hey ! when you turn on your iphone , does the home screen stay black for about 7 -8 seconds ? '
great work at home opportumity !: come on !!! join us !!! our 15 -year-old solid company wants to help you change yo ..   '
rt   : what is the of if they're going to the things ? "
isn't this pic adorable !   "
rt justin_hart : barbara boxer / dr . evil - twins separated at birth ?   '
the gov of iran must know we know : the names the killed & detained since 12 june ( via irant )   '
this is the best series in a long time though , gotta give them that . '
rt   : "your tweeple are with you !" lol , and may the tweet be with you ... '
top of the morning tweets ...time for some irish tea and oats ....for a bit of a wake me up ! tis ' going to be a good day i'm sure ! "
ricky rubio is originally from el masnou , spain , a beach town on the mediterranean . its a lot like minnesota in february ... '
  '
rt   : jay z prevented chris brown from bein here .. '
  you tell the world tweeple you like to follow on while suggests people that re good to follow on friendfeed '
says hewaw ! :)   '
turnbull steers clear of poll triggers : a defensive malcolm turnbull has sought to avoid creating a double disso ..   '
  lmfao '
rt   "weekends are a bit like rainbows ; they look good from a distance but disappear when u get up close to them ." ~john shirley '
consortiumnews .com -   extremism & suffering children - i'm one , too .. "
is it me , or is opera solving a problem that doesn't exist ?   "
svngithub   '
lady liberty defended : let's hope that all the drums will be ...: labels : culture . posted by hobie 12 :56 p ..   "
rt   : more info on the death of billy mays :   gary's hero "
retweet ...ehhhhh sorry '
erklrung der grnen enthalter zu ihrer entscheidung :   kurz : auch nix gepeilt , angst vor kipo mob . schade , grne . '
still a massive headache and fever . very nice lying in bed with this weather . not '
rt   how to set up and secure your own wi-fi hotspot   '
. rt   : .   . 70 -79 ~ '
  hope you're joking . max clifford was throwing about big wedge to get on the same bill as me ! if only , eh ? "
  just colored this . yay for photoshop & sexy hirumamo fanart . '
damn , theres a lot . this is gonna take awhile . '
jdfjgdhfljksdfhlkjbvjl xbgujsgfshdfgbxdhnvbxcjnbvljzhxcb bored tired and mad '
rt   : when only possible to drunkdial or drunktxt ... now can drunkdm .... apols in advance or in retrospect (!) to all ... '
riaa still a bunch of assholes   '
went to the san diego fair with my wife (candice) and my girlfriend (diana). very crowded , but a good time . got to see my pics on display ! '
  i still prefer you having that one , wayoo   '
rt thebestbee : ok can the news give us something else besides the death of a psychologically disturbed pop star /pedophile..like north korea '
twitter exploited for easy advertising : despite the fact that the rising tide of social media is changing the wa ..   '
rt   : baltimore concert opera will hold auditions american idol-style , with audience response taken into account .   '
sunrise earth this morning is over cadillac mountain :   '
rt   : love lifts us up where we belong . wait , did i say love ? i meant elevators . elevators . '
  when was u tryin 2 get that ass whopped in ufc (newboyz live >   '
  ... i don't remember . "
ortiz , wakefield lead red sox past marlins (ap): tim wakefield's ninth win moved him another spot closer to ..   "
collaborative media xobeso presents villains & mr . white live ...: collaborative media , llc is an entertai ..   '
jack e . jett survives quadruple bypass surgery to return to radio   '
correction to tweet : one good thing about voice control on iphone : you can still play music and listen to your touchscreen happens to break . '
nuevo acertijo !: 268 . acusado de asesinato en   '
    - i want a cat like that . '
r .i.p iz the wiz   '
  hey thanks . spread the word . they're doing a great job . there is a thing i dislike , but they're amazing overall . "
  &p2popera unite   '
  nice new background . i miss you . i'm driving down sunday . tell your mom not to kidnap you . tell her you're my kid now . "
i can't believe i'm staying up to watch golden girls . "
siemens and nokia helped provide iran's censoring technology :   "
~   '
  we already plottin a track for u . '
rt   : we wanted to thank the fccj students that came out and volunteered at the house last week ! '
  find ur iphone manual here :   pg190 is related to ur problem and reset '
watch   and   live at devastation ! gogogogo   '
  no sei no . '
rt   assetize - facebook usernames for sale to the highest bidder - usefultools .com   '
isdma and the dtc hold annual meeting : the (israel diamond manufacturers association ) isdma , led by its presiden ..   '
um not sure inb an exact time , but maybe around 11 ish ? did u get your tire fixed ?@wdfsteve '
  thanks ! we had fun working on it . i don't think it is a vote , but they just pick a winner . "
  lmfaooo '
"opera to \'reinvent the web \' in four days " -   - so what \'s that about ? '
fr 400 teur subventionen kann die in doch gescheite abluftfilter einbauen !? via   '
  helllll yeah betch ! im so stoked for lbi ! me and all my friends were freaking out today in school ! '
excellent tweople               plz rt '
lecturer's blog : telegraph plans to expand mps database site in build up to election (qa)   "
i love idol ! 'american idol ' audtions , have started in dallas ,tx - ontheflix   "
balls to the kirbyjon caldwell   '
in den bosch ouders gesproken van slachtoffers van zwemleraar benno l . sexueel misbruik is zo triest . vanavond informatiebijeenkomst . '
  '
joomladay ! 1   '
  yeah dammmmn u like 40 years late homebrizzle ! lol '
i'm so missing him but it's like whaeeevvvahhhhhhhhhhhh ! "
  see me generating pressure by tweeting that i'm at the audi dealer ;-) "
not a wise move by family rt   : family not home from soccer yet ... they better not have gone for ice cream without me ! '
domingueando un rato '
there goes my chicken salad ..   '
i would officially like to get sick :   ...oof '
video : lets go to kenya ! theyve got lions and tigers ! =]   '
red war open beta test begins and screens #2   '
pitchman billy mays found dead in tampa home   '
rt   just one of them days -- monica   ((my soooong )) [= '
tubesteak !   '
penis . hm ,   '
someone just searched for 'gen y ', here are the top tweeters :   "
seit eineinhalb stunden brte ich ber einem blogpost zu ff . ob das noch was wird ...   '
quando eu vi neda ali do lado eu pensei que fosse neda sua conta . erm . '
printing sales representative - castle press - ca - pasadena (http://tinyurl.com/mbya9t) careerbuilder '
  aaah intao vi sim , at comentei numa foto l , eu to bem dia meio chato hoje , nem fui a aula durmi na casa da vovo '
michael jackson a encore chang de couleur , par l'excellent caricaturiste ali dilem .   "
    - it won't sink in ): -how the fuck did you meet him ? he's an intelligent aritist , and you're ... ... "
woohoo !!! moving into the new house ! this is so fun :) :) :) i am super happpyyy and so thankful !!!! '
the spanky brown show starts in 30 minutes ... '
i just took the "which new kid would be your perfect lover " quiz and got : jonathan knight ! try it :   '
want to learn about twitter ?   '
rt   :   i voted for u too ... but how do i vote more than once ? '
maging ganap tulad ng ating ama sa langit .magandang araw !   '
rip 'angel'....http://www.mix947.com/pages/2559259.php "
zin in . maar maak van die gratis zonnebril maar een gratis poncho mensen :-) '
enjoying this day with plenty of energetic and mood boosting photos ! '
lol rt   f &s leggen het uit , nrc , maandag 22 -06-09 -   '
edelweiss pc casemod goes above and beyond insanity : sure , these days , it can be pretty hard to get super-stoked ..   '
minn woman who lost music-share suit gets replay   '
easy php /mysql - display values from database onto ...--by gigi 06144 on jun 30 --max bid : open to fair suggesti -   '
rt   u .s. forgives $30m in debt to protect rainforests in sumatra , indonesia :   '
les recomiendo este post :   '
  - i don't know why i'm just now posting this but ...lmao...niggas was done at this party "
rt :@snedwan here is one of me ballin ' in paris ... i'm wearing no 32   "
bardzo prosz tweetujc bra o ocen layoutu mojego serwisu internetowego :   . bybym wdziczny za uwagi !! '
, osce   '
shush girllllll . shushhh ya lips . do the helen keller and talk wit yo hips ! :) '
  hey in london on regent st . shoot me a text   .292.5770 '
  rt   : remember , you can earn more money , but when time is spen ..   '
miss you so much my bff :(   '
cool stuff rt   : great post on spanish art nouveau architect antoni gaudi (1852-1926)   (via   ) '
    - ooooo niceee . so wish i was there instead of having to suffer these horrible wannabe dancers ... '
3.5 acres brushy bend park , horses dogs and cats (wilco) $1400 3 bd   '
new zealand - geonet earthquake report : reference number : 3116607 nzst : mon   full   '
rt fist clip from azadi :     '
tips for a successful affiliate marketing business | booty biz : that way your long term sales objectives will ge ..   '
rip michael jackson '
charge of the light brigade ... latest !!   '
rt   : << "" '
just in ! food is sexy   '
fc economy : doha deal needs political push   '
wtf . ligue no canal rural agora ! leilao sao paulo teen ! corre '
  - j decidimos vai ser maya ! '
  wait ! is rt really terrible or really true or re-tweet ? help me out ? '
...been under the weather ,taking a day off work - '
abierta hoy la inscripcin para talleres de danza y teatro del 25 al 27 de junio en gijn .   '
entropian events presents : breakout ii : ingame : female . avatar name : compusmurf ..   '
miserable campin rainin constantly ! '
fireflies !! fireflies !! fireflies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! '
why would you lie about being a twin ?? :/ '
rt   : michael jackson mosaic cereal   (viva lo freaky !!) '
rt   are you a spiritual pioneer ?   '
photo : (via hopetimist )   '
branch with leafs silver pin   via   '
rt   : don't forget siren assassins tickets on sale now @ www .sirenassassins.com. july 21 -25 @ crash mansion . tickets $20. "
  rt / what's for breakfast john :-) have a good day "
photo : - msn   '
the links on hawaii beach bodies are fixed . try it out .   '
broadcasting live now ! see me at   '
rt   obama hails climate-change bill gjcn   (via   ) '
rt   looting at shell gas stn olympic and grand '
  cant wait to see u in a few days ! we will have a great week while ur here ! : ) '
big picture : mud , lightning , tents , neil young , spinal tap and more at glastonbury .   '
  meu ... eu quero essa azul !!! as duas !!!! '
my daily twittascope -   '
photo : my idol   '
barbara keeley mp : select committee system is a way to make parliament transparent '
rt :   : - " :   '
american dragon sex videos   '
to the tune of ole , ole , ole (or whatever it's called ): king o , you're lame , you really suck ! king o ! king o ! "
quero ir pro rio logo *-* '
rt   churchbytes - blog - periloustimes   '
rt crazthonfry : confirman arresto de patricia rodas .   | '
good morning !! :) '
so what ?! '
why , thank you kind lady   the cobwebs lie rather thickly today but that should change soon . how are you today ? '
new story on tor .com: the city quiet as death by steven utley and michael bishop   '
more info on the military coup against the people of   '
  a lo mejor la relacion entre alien y depredaor es un poco mas asi   '
just blogged on aclimateforchange .org 'recycled mags and high fashion bags ' - too cool . what do you think ?   "
rt   : 4 episodes deep in keeping up with the kardashians and i can't turn away ....damnit gina ! "
nice summary of the journalism panel at by techcrunch -   '
  lou won '
shen wei dance arts kicks off american dance festival   '
rt   : great demo exhibiting 3 d rendering in javascript and canvas :   '
leaving the nkotb concert '
  okay , i have a couple of ppl . where can they send em too '
..............um shocked obviously ........ '
rt :   : "de aranha eu entendo " diz dado ! que bonito , rs ! '
y por delante . sigue sin diferenciarse , solo por dentro se nota . la cmara para fotos y vdeos , el contro ... - photo :   '
rt   : i have zero tolerance for dudes who act like bitches . pass the message along please . thanks ! bang !   '
rt   : these are the 8 republicans who stabbed liberty in the back :   '
another update ....2 so far today :   '
the conversion - by joseph olshan - 304 pages .   '
n hres det ut som om vaskemaskinen min snart gr i lufta ... '
  i wish he would answer but you know if he did it would take a while , you know how indecisive he is . '
going to watch twenty 20 cricket worldcup '
michael jackson , you are forever the king ! '
new blog post : log in the bush   '
my cold is pretty much gone now ! :-d '
i am watching al sharpton on youtube ! amazing ! '
( disney ) (net) 13 :00   '
  '
  '
interesting poll . palestinians are moving more to fatah , but overwhelmingly do not believe obama is serious .   '
translate iran vids // or any other language // crowd-sourced translation   (via     ) '
  - elvis leading worship at a church in uk , he's alive "
tpw : stud : lisandro adds second title at 2009 wsop   '
very funny und gut gemacht :   '
is this the only way the lpga can get on the front page of espn .com other than michelle wie ? a stupid bird getting hit ?   '
is not doing anything haha '
strong storms now moving across eastern sullivan county , johnson and carter counites in tn . also washington and grayson counties in va . '
rip michael jackson , farrah faucet , and ed mcmahon ! my thoughts and prayers go out to their families and friends ! '
ok '
  mack points to cuba spies to argue against pulling the plug on tv marti '
  no good war ? tell that to the jews & gays & gypsies being exterminated like insects by hitler . they were liberated by ... war . '
wieder mal print vs . google   recommended by   '
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
mj u will always b the man , lol i remember bein terrified of the thriller video but im glad i got over that fear and grew amazed at his tlnt '
rt   : wow ... defensive transformer fans are defensive . sense of humor : roll out ! '
show support for democracy in iran add green ribbon to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
im about 2 smok'a'trees gon'call it da mjblunt rest in peace michael afta gon'cook sum'tasty burritos ;p "
my daily twittascope -   '
  btw jt doesn't seem like you can actually log in and comment on the operations blog and anonymous comments are disabled . "
technology advances , price retreats spur new solar ventures   '
rt   : xl mulai lagi nih bikin emosi jiwaaaaaaaa ..... emng knp lg xl nya bu ??? '
melhor msica da semana + maior presena de palco da internet : "im fat and nobody likes me "   '
rt   : the pros of planting startups in smaller cities   rt       '
  - spazierte am 17.06 .2009 um 08 :32:37 uhr unerwartet vom /zum futternapf . mehr :   '
  cara ,o tom ficou assustado .   haha :d '
rt   :       perfect . august would be best , i'll bring a lovely bartender ! can't wait ... xx "
love 3   ~8faso '
rt   10 reasons for editing your published blog posts | search engine people | toronto   '
farrah fawcett and michael jackson ... what a day ... '
rt   : blogged "barriers to entry : a "no-no" for ir web pages " -   '
made herself a chicken stir fry . it tastes pretty legit . :d '
shares tamtam girls doing the lucky star dance .     '
50 photos of michael jackson . wish i was in one   '
the office in my house where creativity lives currently bakes at around 5 million degrees in the afternoon '
governor bredesen , commissioner kisber to lead trade mission : i wonder if there are any elected officials in nor ..   '
rt   : o novartis desenvolveu vacina contra a gripe suna . ah , se eu tivesse comprado aes do laboratrio ontem ... '
i met a wonderful track . listen to john johnson .   '
pagando de patro numa pousada na bahia . dois shows , cach tranquilidade , pousada na praia ... vido !! '
price drop !!! edf kits as low as $69   '
time for some breakfast , special k vanilla almond here i come . '
hey   sounds like some people do not comprehend sarcasm . (joephus0311 live &gt;   '
  - lool she still loves me and i still see her from time to time '
rt   : a genuine smile gives us hope , freshness . if we want a genuine smile , first we must produce the basis for a smile to come . '
kotoriko '
my daily twittascope -   '
  '
5 ways blogging can help your business . useful things to be aware of -   '
the $1k included a lot of things , like boarding while i traveled ; further looking shows i may be able to get her home for more like $600. :d '
rt fargoftw rt -- obama you are genius you took the perfect stand on iran issue , supporting people without meddling '
:o ohhh jls have a song ? how amazing are aston's eyes ! aha (: "
rt   : more recs                   '
assistant underwriter-commercial lines - burns & wilcox - pittsburgh , pa   '
o_o '
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
you won't hear about this via liberal media . christian killed in mauritania .   "
  erm . hawaii ? idk x ] '
  i had a layover @ the philly airport 1 time . if i remember correctly it had a strong smell of like mildew or something . :o) '
    - oh i was last standing ...took me awhile to figure out what was on my screen '
i absolutely love how when something bad happens to someone , we always go and make a saint out of sinner . (and no , i'm not talking about mj ) "
  i know hi keep getting the same crazy chicks . wtf '
bwu-vs .de: studivz gruppe : bwu-vs gruppe in studivz   '
ohh , the sunday sleep '
rt   rt     - first look at johnny as the mad hatter in tim burton's alice in wonderland . "
can't social media be luvly ? i'm currently enjoying helping a local gov webby i met at set up a facebook page . "
golf-travelers championship second round scores - reuters uk @   '
  - my cousin is facinated by the car . '
rt   perdonen todas , pero   en el mundo real si me matiza ! // otro q c puramierd !! para q pregunta entonces quien siente algo ? '
rt   : 3 hbct tweeps               '
  its called "can i be " off the "dat kid from cleveleand " mixtape '
rt :   explica esta imagen :   xd '
bom dia habitantes do www , '
  what time is murray on then and whose he playing !? thanks wimbledon guide lol '
  pode ser umas 3 ;30 . vem voces duas . a gente pode alugar um filme '
    - o ...k '
off to jakes for a birfday party . '
  misschien :   ? als dat zo is , dan kan iedereen op google vinden wanneer ze menstrueert :s '
has anyone heard if there is a date yet for the eastbound and down season 1 dvd ? '
  really ? rain . might be a buffy marathon weekend ! '
this makes me wish i lived in california right now . i'd be in botany-geek heaven .   "
  - epiccccc ! '
    omg its actually huge lol '
overcast at cleveland / cuyahoga , oh : winds are southeast at 11.5 mph (10 kt ). last updated on jun 17 2009, 9 :45 am edt . '
valeu o passeio ao litoral . dia dos namorados com minha esposa e namorada . muito vinho , muito beijo , muito amor . foi fantstico !!! '
  , you mean inexplicable exploder . '
turkey to buy russian night hunters : (ria novosti military commentator ilya kramnik ) - a turkish military delega ..   '
vacation , day nine : only 2 days left ! i'm hanging out with clint and eric today , probably watching some cool flicks . "
  more fart drops on john , i am laughing my ass off '
rt   : i cant believe john & kate last night !!! grrr ... divorce sucks ..poor kids , just selfish what about 8 kids too many affected '
  -   &   i really hope you have the most amazing b-day :d brazil fan ^_^' "
new blog post : lose weight with these 17 hot tips   '
rt   : farrah fawcett has passed away   was the epitome of beauty to us small town girls . may she have peace '
rt   : rumor spreading tehran - army generals have met in secret - army considering position '
  no , next week i'll be near minneapolis-st . paul ...   "
i've added tweekly .fm. tweets weekly stats from .   "
he keep calling me calling me .... '
  , ?!:) '
joe jackson uses spotlight to plug business   '
  - tamia is on the supermodel hotlist 2010 '
  '
timely new novel "censoring an iranian love story "   rt   '
rt   :   your sellers are not only competing with distressed properties , but also appraisers .   '
tom hanks takes the bolt bus ? :)   '
does nooot wanna be in class right now ..i wanna go back to grant's floor . "
judo - brasil conquista dois ouros em madri : mulheres da seleo brilham na capital espanholaas judocas sarah me ..   '
  one of my clients is the chicken farmers of canada , so i'm going to have to skip that first part , i think . :) "
i'm at -   "
susan heim on parenting : free summer activities for kids and families   '
appstore aan het afstruinen , wat kan ik er nog meer op gooien . net assasins creed gespeeld , vet ! '
plx gen 2 switches in ni pxi express hi-performance chassis   '
massive moonwalk planned at liverpool street station for michael jackson :   '
  lol well go head then ! shit , i needs to get bac in the gym myself ....sho dont feel like it tho :-/ oh well ...ill start ..monday;) '
rt   : im on my way 2 da grocery ,whats n my pocket dog , big face foodstamps <===rotflmao '
rt   : death is a part of life and we must learn to deal with it ...keep living and enjoy the time you have on earth '
rt   : you missed it ! great reception tonight . art , food , wine , jazz ! check our blog in few days for the video ! yup , great thanks ! '
naw i use to put fire jolly ranchers in a pickle ! '
opera unite '
feels sick right now ..huhu (sick)   '
how to keep your brain stimulated and how your attention creates a good memory as you age   '
rt   acaba de ser lanado o firefox 3.5   '
rt     .com+blogging in 10 steps , easy to do and easier not to do !   '
.@pegasus442 ...people off . besides , what i'm arguing here is not people's right to smoke . smoking isn't great for you . i know that . "
  at least you have fancy new control structures to use   '
  - '
facebook personalizza gli url degli iscritti (http://ping.fm/uicok)   '
i don't no whats going on its saying i'm following 17 but i don't c him "
just picked up my copy of   - new jack philly . why are you not listening to this right now ?   '
  your mission , if you chose to accept it , is to avert www 3 by giving these "hamlet shouldn \'t have done anything " papers as . '
farroupilha na internet radio miriam 1160 am   '
the kids had a great day today . best racing of the day . lasers got two races in , as did the c420s . '
registered   . too bad we can't do 4 characters :( and look who took   ... shocker . "
  '
brian shaw bum ass had that same easter suit on at the last game '
government launched cyber-security strategy   '
ok there goes ! rt :   : it is so dark , so smooth , so easy to grip . its the greatest pencil ever . '
  if you think about it , that's like 15 miles of walking right there ... "
thirsty thursday we gettinn innn afterr party style ! hollllllaa pride weekend ! be proud of who you are ! '
rt   when your parents beat you then say "pele" lmaoooo --- lol awww memories '
honda classic treffen on %blogulr% via   '
rt   : viva la vicarious revolutionaries . '
rt   my birthday wish ? to reach 600 followers today . '
  tough question to pose in less than 140 characters bro :) '
rt   : my twitter search script sees + - 15 % of all posts on twitter mentioning michael jackson . never saw iran or swine flu reach + 5 % '
crappies my last tweet was   i hope she got it '
antique for sale - lot buttons antique metal picture dragon devil horse - - go to   '
rt   : ahhhh la miopa de los humanos hacia su historia ... chvez hablando de golpes , fidel recordando sus pocas ... '
  its ok dnt wake up !!!! '
, 12 , : ..   '
hey   he sound like he doesnt do shit . hang up the phone on him and quit lying (thatdamnkwash live >   '
rafinha bastos \\o/   '
rt   10 objects that changed the world :   internal combustion engine , forks , business cards '
there is one thing i liked more in perl -- the -i argument (modify files in place ), then i found out about the ... re :   '
sitting here with kat .:) '
senior ayatollah says "resisting peoples demand is religiously prohibited "   '
buenas noches por arte de birlibirloque '
just logged in at   '
  yes mam i agree i have it as well . i love it ... just looking for more people who have so we all can connect on it '
mager wachten bij hun kee '
  you know that . 'christian porn ' anyone ? "
you see , if you omit information it means that you have premediated not providing that information ...hence, lying . '
macrumors .com of course has something on the iphoneos 3.0 mystery   '
2009 gold rush events : come relive the gold rush with a modern day treasure hunt ! this event features gps use ti ..   '
hope this is true ! rt   rt   : military has refused orders to shoot protesters - '
apple ipod touch 8 gb - $140, 22 bids , 27 minutes left !   '
  but its hottttt outside ! you should be in boxers ;) i bet thats even comfier '
sonyerricson x1 .. rt   :   sex 1 --> sony experia 1 ? -_-;; ... '
  - police helicopter showing it's support for the south wales police trust at open day "
  hello rusty ,just a quickie , will you ever come do a show here in south africa ? '
  i had to unfollow , then follow , still nuttin '! then do it all again . sometimes worked . seem to be all there now tho , 24 hrs later ! "
brad pitt doou 720 mil euros a hospital peditrico : uma unidade de cancro peditrico vai ser inaugurada no vero ..   '
  thanks for the rt . i appreciate it . '
rt   :   5 min cake in mug recipe :   - oh my , this was on our local news station this morning . thnks '
  i lahhh youu &lt;33 '
holy crap , you should see how much gear these dudes have . you want a big , loud rock show ? we got it , come party :   '
eco-atkins : a terrible diet now comes in 'vegan' - examiner .com by   "
mark robarge points out gov sanford can't be related to sanfords of amst as male line died with laddie in 1977 "
  i expect to see that at a wedding reception on good ol ' otto from the old country . people should learn to trust their pants . "
shitty comic : micheal's come back tour   "
  he's always been bad ....who listens to that guy anyway ? "
  - birthday card : getting older sucks . ~ yes it really , really sucks . ~ it sure does suck bad . '
facial hair news : i a female wolverine - news .com.au   '
rt lg dong   hahaha '
wimbledon's here . but who's won the most titles ? find out here   "
omg !!   '
rt   : here we go !! we just now kicked off 48 hrs for   plz spread the word !! '
this is the second time ive updated using a computer and not my iphone .i like using my phone more . i like when it says "updated from phone " '
  is such a whoosy ! he should have known the whole world loves michael jackson ! respect the dead ! '
four lessons from y-combinator's fresh approach to innovation   ~ sounds like our projects "
i just meet up with an other old friend u guys might know him ...   '
new hard sudoku created :   '
va al cine a ver "teresa"   '
working on a new header for my blog ---->   come and see ! '
  cheers for the rt . '
i honestly don't know what we would have done w /o him . before his help she actually started saying she shouldn't have left ! hope all women "
rt   mais uma tima ideia   '
sete feridos em turbulncia com a330 em voo : sete pessoas ficaram feridas quando um airbus a330 da australiana q ..   '
new blog posting : clasico d los tira piedra . -   '
  well i will be there the 10 -12,im sure u can squeeze me in 1 of those days ...and hopefully this video will be on xtube '
lions '
rt   : looking for a , raw meal replacement /enegry/whatever bar w no almonds or almond butter . twitter , can u help ? '
my daily twittascope -   '
the great gatsby '
a breath of fresh air for iranelection   '
yo real talk . if the magic lose this game they deserve to ..dummies '
i just took the "what movie are you ?" quiz and got : indiana jones ! try it :   '
rt :   : .jp '
hey   ha , reminds me of earlier today (ghostbusters live >   '
[eadrax]   dion moult - added a useful function for restricted access for guest /logged in users . '
i could watch jenson ackles do eye of the tiger forever . he is so yummy ! '
im all weat @ '
i've added new listings tonight ! check it out !   "
  john watersss rocksss !!! the filthiest people titleee hahaah awesome ! '
'
just had me some casa havana , so good ! and they were playing marc anthonys first album , took me way back   '
i'd better win this :   - i tried so damn hard with limited resources ! "
lmao well said ! rt   : note to fans ! unless your invited leave nkotb "dicks" alone ! '
rt   : hiding behind my shades today ...why carrae ?? '
rt   : people : drake tore his acl , that's why he's sitting ... "
multi-tasking : the bane of productivity ? (dalton) men : pls don \'t use as excuse 4 ur "inability" to multi-task :)   '
    '
rt   : "it is no use saying , \'we are doing our best .\' you have got to succeed in doing what is necessary ." -winston churchill '
bithday sex mmmmm ! dam r .kelly! '
xango's european regional in 55 min !!! "
  - '
ay naka 14 hrs din na (sleeping)   '
check this video out -- basij speaking about "basiji"   '
    - happy father's day , dada !! love , ella "
rankingmybefia [twicco.jp   ] '
chilling '
does not want to be here !!! '
liked "businessweek: fifty tech startups you should know -..." [pic]   '
rt     (via   ) '
ok . enough of facebooking on a friday . inuman na !!!!   '
show your support for the people of iran by going green -   '
  hey mama ! been runnin around all day .hope u had a great one .need 2 link up again '
os x java patch applied (thanks apple , no , really , thanks ...) and happy to say my mac passes landon fuller's test :   "
  lol oooobut your only working half days right or the fullk day '
  graphic '
rt   : "kid swaps ipod for sony walkman , gets a culture shock " -   '
'
  ganz geil dein voll zufrieden - kommt gut '
i am not bringing my crutches to school tomorw :\\ '
'
  i posted this last night   '
cochise by audioslave lastfm :   amazon :   '
erie man measures god's time   "
listening to "try a little tenderness - otis redding "   ~82ncv '
  oh good , i thought it was just me . '
'
is going four wheeling '
dakine takes its show on the road so you can too :   '
: controller /sachbearbeiter finanzen und controlling (m/w)   '
yup ! that's right lol rt   marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other person is a husband . "
  yeah , i have used cms made simple , over 2000 files to install on the server . not light by any means . '
pitbull - hotel room service download   '
    - argentina quer jonas e jonas quer brasil bjs +1 '
rt   : rain moving into wayne county - no severe weather , but widespread showers /t-storms will continue to move into the area '
  the movie is hella good but its long ..so make sure you have enough time to just sit there and watch it '
2.05 % money market account and 2.28 % 12 -month cd at seacoast commerce bank in ca - nationally available : seacoas ..   '
video : asian economies bounce back ?: bank of japan improves outlook for japan's economy ; singapore's expor ..   "
developing your e-mail retention policy : its better to be prepared -   '
  toch niet over datum , huh ? '
check it : weekly offer on a select group of 12 shirts for $12 each .   '
feeeelings ... '
rt   :@salioelsol08 every woman likes to take it slow . we don't wanna hear you wanna f us right away . stop talking so nasty . (honest) "
  : i may fly in to meet them in santa fe . would love to get them to your event . channel 5 story :   '
i just posted the song i wrote for my angel mary ...i   '
michael jackson (1958-2009): no more moonwalk sebinomics : the ...   '
pls , rt   11 2009 : ! :   '
rt   : this is brilliant , think it will make you laugh .   '
i know ! now that he's gone i realize i loved that crazy guy . rt   i still can't believe michael jackson is fucking dead ! "
4467 .) even when i get to spend whole weekends with you ; i can't help but cry . when i'm with you i feel so ...   "
  nice kicks .   '
rt   : sober or not . n64 is better than any other game system . this is absolute fucking fact '
ladn bet awards pay tribute to michael jackson : check out our photos from the bet awards show .   '
rt   its my birthday bitch ! wow so this is how it feels to be 27 years old ? '
  its twitter's version a vd haha "
[kyrah] prof w . mebane updated his statistical analysis of www-personal ...: pr ..   '
  u fatty ! '
tehran mousavi iran neda - send an anonymous email by using this ... -   '
  '
i just attacked   and won .   '
rt   't marry someone you can live with - marry the person who you cannot live without . "
  while at it , please take my headache and the neighbors ' dog's bark . "
  i'm on your site !   via twitterremote "
rt   nice ending to session . mike lazarisis : scientific research brings us all together . it is a form of global democracy . '
just got back from swimming , now time 2 get ready for tonight '
i want to take a nap '
holy shit balls this morning has been super busy so far ! '
i'm only up this early because i felt someone watching me in my sleep . i was correct . yes , noon is early . "
asian petite blonde 25 years old seeking hot sex tonight   '
fever ray : triangle walks   '
new   : reality tv show to ink your twitter name as a tattoo   '
playin mario with jeff ! '
show support for democracy in iran add green ribbon to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
quiero cambiar de carro . '
  - he's shorn now . lol ! "
atualizando fotos do orkut do papis ... com fotos minhas e do meu filho ;) '
sensational at reminding us that no matter what we are facing in life , we cannot afford to forget the god factor !-->   '
rt   :   ..thanks cheesemonger ...question for you ...what does cheese say when it gets photographed ? '
rt   : just a warning , i'm leaving twitter (why are you leaving twitter ???) "
what's the point of article marketing , anyway ?:   "
rt   please welcome my ls's to twitter   and   <---welcome sorors ! :) "
rt :   : svn 2009528 svk   //svnsvk '
trade in your clunker -   fins a local dealer - '
casa nova no real parque . '
hahahaha ! he has me rotdf ...there you go cuz cuz ! '
rt   : did you know ? memphis is mentioned in the lyrics of more songs than any other city in the world (899 songs as of '08) "
ads worth watching : olympus vs . blendtec : this is how you make an ad . what you are about to see starts of like ..   '
does anyone know if there is um cosmic stuff goin on rite now-seriously wierd week comin to an end '
how to analyze forex market   '
  muy bien ... eso si , yo soy chileno porsiaca ! '
2009   '
"where u get dat ass from " well ya know i had it on layaway for a min but i was finally able to pay it off . mothafucka ... '
...aga mida ilmar ei tea , on see , et see kunstihuviline ttarlaps on sama isik , kellele ta kskord ussiproovi tahtis teha ...:) '
did i mention i love my life ? i think you should too ! ;) '
    - i love it ! you look great ! '
rt   continental pilot dies in mid-flight , plane lands safely [http://bit.ly/10aycb] '
the best small and medium employers to work for in america   '
just added myself to the   twitter directory under : '
ab work to bep '
  they will put it to sleep ?? is that true ??? help !!! ;) '
photo :   '
repeat rt-amadeh bash barayeh jamavarey ghaza , aab , daroo va maadeh digar barayeh zamaneh etesaab [get supplies ] '
and this is what those 16 weeks of training are working towards - raising money for street children   '
  '
  kate's a bitch . lol jon seems nice . "
die dreisten lgen einer mutter , die familienministerin ist :   '
watchin these reality shows ..i just cant get with back to my law & order ..haha '
  ; join me in gdideas , a tweetworks group .   '
rt   : at the circus with my girls , 6 th row - holy cow . i think we can smell the elephant farts . :) '
  there are no third wheels . '
  lmao ur a fooool !!! '
rt   : published my interview over the weekend with   on "how to promote your web app "   '
hooray for mcnulty's balanced response to the playwright study -- especially the penultimate sentence :   "
m $ doa refeio em troca de download do ie8 :   '
mark sanford's bible study is more scientology for politicians . it's sick .   "
a few clouds and 76 f at charlotte /douglas international airport , nc : winds are north at 6.9 mph (6 kt ). the pressure is 1005.6 mb and t .. '
rt   : cool change - little river band , dolphins 4   in sydney *sigh*   thank you so much !! '
this little girl is completely fascinated by   's knitting   "
do you have a phone with a barcode reader ? check it out     '
  viewing carci is over rated . '
waitin for college hill finale 2 night !!!@thatdamnkwash u should cook some ribs and have a party !!! lol '
great american food and music fest : the good , the bad , and the hungry :   '
rt     microsoft announces free antivirus - limited public beta     '
fever and sick all night , guess i needed the day off '
reading : "brain evidence takes new forms , beyond spect , beyond qeeg ." (http://twitthis.com/x3i9rq) '
vingada no al ahly : o manuel jos fez um trabalho incrvel :   '
yay lakers &lt;3 &gt;;p champion of 09 babyyyy &lt;3. '
junior all blacks retain pacific nations cup   '
  cleveland has a spot for you on the roster ! '
rt   : rt     khomeini shrine has been hit with bomb , many ppl injured . '
rt     '
  considering my first fast since going /#paleo 3 weeks ago . is water your best friend during the fast ? '
curious about : "total prion protein levels in the cerebrospinal fl ...[j alzheimers dis . 2009 ] - pubmed result " (   ) '
looking forward to all the painting n partyin n drinkin for the next 4 weeks :d '
just got done walking 3 miles . hanging out for awhile , then one more day of work and then i get 4 days off . yea mini vacation !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! '
im half and i dont get it :(   if you are filipino , you get why this is funny lol   '
top 9 cool and useful gmail lab features   '
  lol wen ur bday ?? '
woo hoo !!! \\(^_^)/ rt   : verizon blackberry tour site goes live !   '
michael jackson fans ... this is the other side -   '
jajajaja   es q ya no lo usaba u_u '
rt   why is stuart scott commenting on every player's piety ? "
you've got to be fucking kidding me with the rain . on a saturday ? really ? fuck you god . fuck you . -   "
iphone apple at &t - greedy , rich wireless compaines are kicking themselves :   '
walking aimlessly to mcdonalds '
  it was just out of the camera shot , but there . finally picked up kimchi at the korean market in east providence '
just got done with the draft for my works football team . got drafted 8 overall and ended up on the team : box cutter facial . '
holy crap , that's like buying an idea . or jesus ;) rt   : company claims to have bought the pirate bay :   "
quero aparecer no blablabra ! /fato! hduaishduias '
jerald terwilliger replied to the discussion 'do you yahoo !?'   "
rt   :   yep ...nothing says classy like giving $20 blow jobs in the alley behind mcdonalds (((all i can say is wow ))) '
rachel alexandra wins mother goose stakes by 19 lengths : new york racing association /aprachel alexander romps fa ..   '
flu virus to cost delta usd $250 mln in revenue - airwise   '
  you are still awake . you have wasted 25 % of brain already . well you dont need much brain to vote repug anyway '
haha you all misspelled bread , making it sound inappropriate . rt   bead & butter x new era fitted caps   '
news : robotkingdom animated and universe closeout sale 6 / 17 / 09   '
rt   : the ultimate mac setup for photographers (50 apps )   '
  desarrollando ??? '
rt     social media in healthcare youtube video now updated   '
listening to "grinding halt - the cure "   ~8v6e9 '
smile for me-http ://bit.ly/18ckjq '
  the tiles were our fave feature but had to come down due to walls falling apart - we have saved most of them for future use '
once again , the fight science folks attempt to ruin my day . sadly for them , today they failed ... '
custom media playing a bigger role for publishers , marketers :   '
cacete , porque o tom e a gio no fazem um filho logo ? ficam enchendo a casa de bichos . oie casal , sexo no mata , bgs . '
iran unbroken   '
rt   : :   '
i have found a way to get thousands of twitter followers :   '
get paid to use twitter   '
it's so hard without a phone .. "
rt   : eco cribs on etsy :   '
over & out ...i can't be dealing with childish shi'a anyways . i will not rise to it ... :| "
rt   : happy fathers day to the dads that take care of their kids . if your not one of these go kill your self . '
blog : paul kahan at new holland brewery : the video   '
photo : my yankee will build this for me in my southern backyard . cept the furniture will be fluffier . and ...   '
prepare to have your mind totally blown .   '
can you tweet the police now ? sheesh ! '
rt   fit for a princess   "very cute " '
agreed ! rt   : twitter needs filter to block all 'make money ' & 'get follower ' tweets . twitter risks irrelevance if they don't . "
rt   holy f ---. that's some sly s --- on the part of the owning class , people . "
rt   : movie review | 'food, inc .': meet your new farmer : hungry corporate giant : food , inc .   "
regs compromise beach yoga : by doreen leggett although zoning precludes businesses on the beach , the town may ha ..   '
vegas in july ...damn i can't wait "
rt :   : rt :   : o impacto dos meios digitais na publicidade :   '
een dagje dossiers reviewen op kantoor , vanavond vergadering jonge ondernemers harderwijk '
rt tomorrow ! show the effort , outrage , iron rain , attack bear ! 6 pm $6!@the eagles nest . 825 e . center , riverwest ! rt rt '
( '
best muscle building foods-protein | 6 pack abs   '
/ reading diary-memo   posted by   '
digital britain : not perfect , but a good place to start   '
education standards correlator /assess... - orion's mind , llc - il - chicago (http://tinyurl.com/lsty83) careerbuilder "
hello '
  nnnnnoooo the hair was cute nish :p lmao !!!!!!!!   '
my silence is killing him . haha . that's what u get for being a ass . lol . "
mtava : akman : sahte belge ddasi kllyen yalan : rtk bakan akman , sahte belge iddialarn ..   '
rt   valley & airport flyer went live today we tested the 1 st bus at 5 :20am and have been on & off all day - working like a dream '
  rt : hold the qu'ran in demonstrations . apparently it is a sin to kill anyone holding qu'ran in their hands . "
  tem aquele sambista q tinha o seguinte recado na sec . eletrnica : nunca ligue antes do meio-dia para um funcionrio da boemia '
orlando . home of the magic and expensive cabs . '
rt     '
  '
  lucy meets the mustache '
got my warped tour ticket in today . yay   '
look how cute my little sackboy is !   '
rt : on 9 /11 the world said "we are all americans ." tonight , we are all iranians . '
rt   : trad . medias lost what was remaining of credibilty in coverage of . most painful is r-canada ! '
  rt   win a free iphone today   submit your zip '
video : senate apologizes for slavery , segregation ..   '
you can't have a 70 mph fastball and expect to be effective zito !!! "
just got hit on by a 40 year old ...who is the same age as my dad ...awkward. especially when he found out i'm 19 . "
woo , iphone's is updating :-d "
my daily twittascope -   '
gao : overview of approaches to control prescription drug spending in federal programs   '
rponses vos questions sur les produits de beaut . (anglais )   '
ready for some bed time action tonight ;) '
u .s. travel association update regarding h1n1 (swine flu )   '
cern says repairs , tests will delay restart of particle collider until october   '
lateste dressagenews   '
new blog post : honduran news update : leftist leader and candidate killed in militarycoup ; presiden ..   '
listening to "diva remix feat . pretty ricky , ciara , jim jones - beyonce "   ~891tv '
after being released by aliens in roswell i was driven underground in the carlsbad cavern . '
rt & save ! save today on milwaukees 0299 -20 drill : list price : $208.00 deal price : $99.00 you s ..   '
native american herb expert discusses smudging   '
ahrg , it appears visual studio has crashed . that must be my computer telling me it's home time . "
  twitter burned u ! go to the password clinic ...u got twitterlydia ...twitphyliis! lol twonorreaha '
i uploaded a youtube video -- uk funky producer - sample pack - the worlds first uk funky house sample ...   '
birdy nam nam : thumping track to make you want to be 18 again put to original animation   '
alright now , don't be hating on my bengals ! rt   we have the bungles for a bad bengals team , what do we have for a bad team ? "
how does anyone expect to better themselves if they keep going back to the same bad habits ? careful who u surround yourself with .... '
i'm broadcasting my live stickam stream at   started : thu , 00 :45 pdt "
'
ai ai ... mas o ringo to felizinho ... eu amo o ringo !   ~86tme '
  aww , sounds healthy ! maybe i'll have some oatmeal ... thanks 4 the inspiration , lol . "
  '
my daily twittascope -   '
lg shine problems same thing   '
  hahaaa tapi aku da ga ikt k lembang ny .. :d:d '
ok heres the plan people ....fifa 09 /tech trance beats ...bed yummmmm ! '
i feel like balls '
this is so unfair !: my brother is going to dinner with his schoolmates at ericeira . '
to all you tweetdeck users . heh rt   breaking : tweetdeck desktop relaunches tonight : new features galore ! -   '
rt   twitterback thursday                 '
this is fun   '
rt   : web site story - a modern take on west side story   '
  i executed my own pre-emptive strike against that one '
i just took the "are you a true jonas brothers fan ?" quiz and got : ojd overload !! try it :   '
hehehe synopsis of dhanno \'s role ;) rt   :   just to make sound "tabdak tabdak tabdak " and then go "neighhhh" '
lenovo's t400s aims for the line between portability and performance [lenovo]   "
trying to figure this thing out '
rt   apple care i-studio e-bay '
obama administration orders 14105 fuel-efficient vehicles ...   '
rt   : excellent snatch /star wars mashup :   '
obamanism " - the spiritual significance   '
e-mail your rep   and senator   . tell them you want a govt . option for healthcare . rt please ! '
who's consuming what ? resource consumption by country (map): which country will be the first to run out of oil o ..   "
tennis sun . (6/28) 11 m at fordham lincoln center courts -- tapia ? i've got 1 partner , more the merrier .fyi - t_courts in park slope r great "
  she got some runnin kikks , she said next week her 95 th bday n she tryna have some fun ! lmao '
  dude there's nothing left for me til football starts an it's hot as balls today "
texas server hosting basej homepage   - complain to abuse   .com rt rt rt '
no se necesita que se destruya el universo para qu un anime sea bueno , 80 s rulean   '
build your business even if you are on a tight budget . get tons of traffic . free videos !   '
atrapados por la marea : cristbal es aficionado a la pesca desde hace aos . ha pasado innumerables tardes mirand ..   '
lol , chesney hawkes (oder wie man das schreibt ) auch so ein one hit wonder . '
16 /6 - this photo was kind of taken accidentally . still a touch tipsy from lunch so my camera skills aren't ...   "
ahora : infomerciales . prox (09:30): infomerciales '
  thanks for the rt michael - what are you working on these days ? '
rt   check out the gaslight anthem on the interface and let us know what you think of the redesign !   '
rt       : love is like water ; we can fall in it . we can drown in it . and we can't live with out it . unknown ~wow! "
xbox 360 games und pc-spiele heute gnstig bei the hut : bei the hut luft zur zeit ein ..   '
having interesting conversation ..but my feet hurt '
i just deposited money into my swiss bank account .   '
w '
  *tw* '
  awwwwwwww '
3.0 '
the jump manual : vertical jump training system -$45com+$7/mo.   by supervicty 7325 22 :53:27 '
is currently doped up on mountain dew and breakfast pizza ... thank you metabolism for not leaving me yet ! '
  - definitely my favorite gift from last night ! i love me some wall-e ! '
blackspur 500 w halogen floodlight lamp w / motion sensor   '
(2)   # '
please read this haha rt .@tremendousnews an open letter to those who insult michael jackson .   '
un : world hunger reaches 1 billion mark : rome (ap) &mdash; the global financial meltdown has p ..   [philippine star ] '
-   '
loba de shakira , descagalo en   '
rt   : smoke farm put out a call for volunteers for burning beast - contact : info   .org, '08 video   "
llevando a mi pololaal medico .. luego a la labada tooooodo el dia .. '
  hey :) i have seen some of oyur viseos on youtube they are soo funny !! x '
party was cracken cops came but oh well they had a dj . the best party of the year omg beer pong and women . wo0ow '
    - alex ! that's gonna look awesome ! can't wait to see it finished ! :) "
yesturday i was in california and now today i am sitting inside a classroom doing math problems ...ahhhhhhh '
rt   embrace culture ...speak truth . if you miss the first part the second part is nearly impossible . '
what does stand for ?? '
geen geld voor schrijversbeeld gelselaar : gelselaar - de gemeente berkelland betaalt niet mee aan het beeld van ..   '
rt   : plz listen 2 this everyone if you care about iran martin luther king   ~3ua5k plz rt it matters '
  hahahha i agree ! i love the impressive use of graphics . '
making money with new microsoft bing search engine . see here   mj's billy mays bet rip mj farrah iran "
  '
my daily twittascope -   '
malaysia mara ke separuh akhir : skuad negara melangkah ke peringkat separuh akhir kejohanan bola jaring asia ke -..   '
rt   : "@andimann heck , i want to hear the rap song that shaq writes during that series final ..." < /me rofls ! '
now listening to pac - it ain't easy "
nice   '
rt   : rt   : is there anyone in limerick who can shoot some video for me tomorrow ? please rt ! '
ferrari vows to ignore forced entry : ferrari furious at being named as an unconditional entrant and insis ..   '
happy wednesday everyone ! '
igreja batista em nova sua realizou feijoada comunitria   '
pensando seriamente em retomar o meu curso de . ao menos enquanto ainda precisa de diploma para isso . '
  lmao ... wow ... my bad ... #2... i'm really trying to remember , when did you get there ? better question when did i leave ... "
rt   :   thinking of you when i watch these amazing moves <3   -uuuhhhhhmazing! i need to visit u asap '
fast article writing wi / instant article wizzard . visit   '
rt :   : free food ! just follow pizza hut on twitter or facebook -   '
tweet tweet '
  why do you occasionally twitter 2 yourself ? need to talk to your better half ? '
eu amo a vic linda (: '
[leukemia and bone marrow transplantation ] novel tet 2 mutations associated with upd 4 q24 in myelodysplastic syndrome -   '
continental airlines to celebrate 75 th anniversary   '
marilyn monroe , bob hope and joe dimaggio in one pic !   '
not that i ever liked them , but the new sleeping giant stuff isnt for me .   '
e .. michael dominando os assuntos kkkk '
  maybe ... you put a cover-letter in your email , right ? this will be my first craigslist job application experience '
cpan : zconf-mail -1.0.0   '
rt   : top 5 twitter-related trends via     '
feeds for google alerts : welcome to this google alerts feed ! here you will receive new alerts for your comprehen ..   '
trop mang trop mang , moi j'aime pas partager . "
waiting up to video chat with a friend =] i am verryyy sleepy . long day '
  that \'s what happens when two technology freaks go on a youtube proxy and serach for "emo fights " in the middle of class . '
wallaby crop circles in tasmania :   '
just got my rechnung fur festnetz ... 1 hour to t moble cost 10 , three hours to usa cost 3.50 . wtf '
rt   : 46 stunning high resolution photoshop light effect brushes :   '
it's sunday . yay "
  what !? did u take a shot when i shooting !? most ppl dnt find curves attractive .im just lucky that james does . '
i just increased my followers by using the twitter   it's great ! try it out @   "
arnon hod !!!   '
droolicious : first look : cybex 2 .go baby carrier : cybex marries high-end european design with to ..   '
twittering ...doo-woop '
medical device supply chain manager - industry experience required : &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;..   '
  i thought it looked a little suspicious . it didn't have a swear word or a sarcastic undertone ... ;) "
'
aboutdotcom : does god exist ? argument from reward ...   '
two lines of text two lines of text two lines of text '
nws has issued a severe thunderstorm watch for woodford county until 10 :00 am '
  - my little lydia looking like an extra in oliver !!! '
  (ha!) definite concentration in the marina , but it's universal , each area w /its own take . mission : missing toes =hip body modification . "
50 left . just doubled up . got @ 60 k '
your voice was the soundtrack of my summer ; do you know youre unlike any other ? '
  i've tried sharp edged cut up plastic bottles ... would be scared i'd damage myself with glass !! "
play the best golf of your life in 2 weeks or your money back !   '
photo : hahahaha cassie is amazing .   '
  haha i'm still getting the hang of this ...thankx for the msg ! yes i agree st all the way ...do you follow data on here ? "
leaving the gym , headed to ambulance . heat index 105 today . could be busy day . '
rt   having trouble removing followers ? rt   : this   helped and provided me a serious rambo .... '
listening to "obstacle 1 - interpol "   ~8cryy '
is it a bad idea to live directly in between your favourite bar , your favourite restaurant , and your favourite cafe ? '
  hey paizo fans - check out the new pathfinder srd site at   let me know if you have any suggestions ! '
?spam king ? sanford wallace files for bankruptcy as judge rules ?   '
    - you all just lost the game '
rt   protests | jane fonda   love itttttttttttttttttttt '
wicked wednesday jams "wicked game - chris isaak "   ~8u5in '
i just attacked   and won .   '
  can be a bit over the top - never shuts up but i love listening to his travel stories purely platonic friendship , a good mate '
  nope gabi , ele apenas trocou , pelo que sei n o .o '
there is nothing sexier than smarts ! :) '
migraine and increased risk of cardiovascular disease : migraine frequency plays a role   '
rt   '
rt   : pepsi puts its twitter username on cans .   what a milestone 4 twitter ! '
photo :   '
just a regular friday night in ac .   '
  ya know what would be really cool ? if you could turn your eyes red on command ! that'd freak people out ! "
  i love eating raw it makes me feel great . it can be a little boring tho but i can make a helluva salad ! '
  what do you mean second row ? doesnt ilaa own the first 20 rows ?? '
me acabou de fazer um biscoitinhos de forno .... tenho que me segurar pra no comer todos de uma vez ! hehe '
  '
how giving twitter away can make it money - mixed signals - rupert ...   '
  lmao sounds like a must have !   '
thank you for all who joined the growing gta light language community ! together we can help shift the consciousness of the planet . '
my thoughts too : rt   : ah hell , neal fucking tiemann ! '
  bale . '
o cabra vai no blog , fala um monte de meras nos comentrios e acha ruim levar uma bela de uma pregada no caneco . '
rt   tips on how to backup your flickr photos   (i need to do this next week ! other suggestions ?) '
spending the day getting things in order for sarah's wedding . "
se deus no existe , os barbeiros no existem ...veja porque   '
rt   : qdo amar sofrer , vc pode estar amando o homem errado . '
rt   cartoonist spiegelman's moving look at st .louis refugee ship tragedy .   (talented!) "
        '
quick text is fun '
  this one is better   &   and of course the stolen image   - ugh ... '
    you could try this :   it renders like this on a site :   '
has anyone seen "jesse stone " - tom selleck show ? i liked it '
  why your cat shouldn't play around with a bee [pic]:   "
hey   ontd loves you ! it was all in good spirit ! (aaroncartercell live >   '
fu   that . i know its sunday , but bc of the wild crowd , the wait-staff are rude . didn't hesitate to leave . treat ur customers with respect ! "
i'm an indoor kid ... laying out in the 113 degree sun makes me feel like a fat piece of sizzling bacon on a skillet . "
youtube - empire medical in new york city   '
iran and the syrian gambit   '
un muerto y 19 heridos dejan accidentes al comenzar el puente festivo   '
rt   (haikai do macho roots ) mulher , acredite : homem q homem / nao sabe a diferena /entre estria e celulite '
how can i protect my egg and still smash the others ? '
i don't know how i ever lived without my fleshjack :   "
rt european embassies r open for injured , bring them there !!! '
    let me know if this helps ! '
the sky between us de stephane guillon , juste excellent   '
deutschlands t-mobile-chef geht nach sterreich   '
  when ever xd trying to get more awesome people '
quote : action is the food and drink which will nourish my success .   '
luckey i just got the msg '
just linked twitter to our facebook page ! '
chm ngi , cp vt v nhu   '
pakistan are closing this down ! '
dos means poo in spanish . lol '
  - elissa and i playing w / 3 d crayola chalk :d '
knight news challenge : aaron presnalls data-viz project hopes to help small papers picture the news -   '
pbr's at longbranch in austin , tx   "
we've got a kellyscloset .com cloth diaper prize package giveaway in july from   . enter to win here -   "
acho bem capaz a comenbol ter manipulado o resultado para no ter final brasileira . '
ateno brasil , enviem noticias e denncias sobre meio ambiente para dep .sarneyfilho@hotmail.com '
  isn't one of them a porn star ? "
pdx to sfo . '
five questions : when there's no one left to blame : more photos by chris ..   "
banksy vs bristol museum   '
new book reviews i wrote are in the new issue of weird tales :   '
riaa wanton , profligate and dissolute . lining pockets of pols with $$'s from sleazy lawsuits , no doubt .   "
  interesting about the same as my session proposal ;) btw didnt you know of   and the builder ? '
rt :   bboy city 16 - austin , texas at the parish - part 2   '
at sfnewtech widgets up the wazoo tonight to see   from clearspring   '
iweb , domain : , , ..   '
i concur ! -- rt   : tonight's the worst tvnight ever , such bad programming should be illegal "
  only two this game . he's the unluckiest pitcher ever . "
  - industrial , hurt like a beezy . but i love it '
  i need your help - please join my mob !   '
      - skys here are scary ..i just took one with dslr - processing now '
i just entered to win a new iphone 3 gs from   !!   '
chey chey ! k , sape 2 tau meaning name aku ? haha ! rt   : farhana is yang berbahagia adanya ..     hehehehe ! '
lay off the penuts '
  ouch ! '
silpada for sale - retired silpada oval hammered bangle bracelet - go to   '
earn big with the internet   '
watching intervention while drinkin ma coffee . &lt;3 '
i love finding people on twitter that i did not know had an account . it is oddly satisfying . '
pixnet carlsbergparty ()   '
ha ha ..., when im next on flight & passin da tarmac i'l answer ure question ... rt   :   what did you see me ? lol "
back home . will spend last hours in freedom ... ehm ... vacation w / reading . martina asked me 2 finish at least 1 of the 4 books i started ;-) '
www .nandoo.net kompass zur orientierung , sprachsteuerung mit unterhaltungswert : das neue iphone 3 g ..   '
  why won't damn cnn say anything !!!!!!!! (i'll be alright in a minute .) (maybe.) "
if you don't do it , you will be shot . indeed , there is a good chance they'll do that , but you will die as a human being . "
castledoningtonnews [local news ] noesgays explained to the flower club : a summary of the cast ..   '
tottenham to move for argentine striker : tottenham are ready to make a move for lisandro lopez after his agent s ..   '
role of adaptive reuse ordinance in brining back downtown la main st . -   '
exciting times here at perry campaign hq . go to   and add your 30 dollars by june 30 . '
town   '
remember my parents :( '
is seriously in the mood for a good hotdog . '
has high treats ! '
rt   : some lessons out of ecm vendor demo hell   '
rt   : "i never thought i would say this . but stephen baldwin is currently my favorite person on tv ." // cause he \'s 212 ? '
knock knock ! who's there ? it's the system !   "
listening to 'insomnia dooms drum dj nei remix ' by craig david ft dj nei     "
  hahhaha '
  mj muri t_t es muy tristeee '
  '
gallery ::: ()sexy ::   '
  thanx for rt :) '
  ~~ how very true ....... no one label fits any of us , now does it ? '
how to make the most out of automated link exchanges   '
ask her about being a ho in the couch ! @ someone-somewhere '
  what part are you having problems with ? '
its so hot in the hague right now . car thermometerthing says 28.5 degrees . wauw '
- show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
sam performing at long beach festival !!!! soo cool !!!   '
new blog post : kia motors supports car allowance rebate system with 11 eligible models   new ..   '
ser ?! rt   : antivrus da ms chega desafiando gigantes   '
obama swatting a fly   '
i just reached level 12 .   '
  thanks ! if you or any of your friends have personal stories about on-the-ground experiences in afghanistan , please send them to me . '
if my mum give me some money ill hopefully be able to buy sega bass fishign for the wii reviews on youtube have had good feed back bye :) '
rt   : no fail-whale purgatory for usdebunking the twitpocalypse -   '
rt   : i really like the term "social media program " as opposed to "social media campaign " - which imho there is no such thing ... '
  short but very sweet . and no sign of trackies . '
sales . no experience necessary - l . a . marketing - ca - burbank (http://tinyurl.com/lnkjkb) careerbuilder '
rt   :   thanks for the follow friday (very welcome !! enjoy your weekend !! hopefully we will get to talk at somepoint '
skriver : strekasser skal redde liv p landevejene   '
  uhros ? '
actually not getting any updates is a blessing .can think about other things now . '
got an email fwd w /the subject "impeach the muslin !" and yes-muslin with an n . they didn \'t mean the fabric . they meant the president . :sigh: '
facebook vs . twitter (infographic) | teratips .com   '
nope . "tiger, we needed that ," sez a woman in the gallery . "that\'s two good looks at it ," sez a guy . '
wie gaat er nog op vakantie , naar la france ? tip :   '
good night last news   '
i just updated my squidoo page : eatable gifts /   '
rite on - i always forget rt   don't forget to pack bug repellents when you travel , mosquitos are out in full force this year . "
ingls d : vo aprende a fala com vcs ainda mcfly *-* algo tinha que vir de bom do ingls n ? :p '
summer ski books . just cause there isn't snow doesn't mean we're not thinking about it -   "
rt   well the green photo only reminds me of the paris hilton sex tape ..lmao!! '
how michael jackson inspired a forgotten culture -   '
my post-op pooch   '
city employees wrap up fitness challenge   '
rt     doughboy : ho's gotta eat too . girl : who you callin ' a ho '? i ain't no ho '! doughboy : oops , i'm sorry , bitch . "
  '
rt   keyshia cole lokks horrible . keri beyonce & ciara are killin her as far as look 2 nite '
  '
free $500 ibuzz pro membership when joining   membership :   '
totalmente de acuerdo rt   siguiendo al mayor orgullo de colombia en el exterior   (...) '
regarde "rendez vous en terre inconnue " avec zazie . '
today my brother pushed me in the pool , when i was wearing my church clothes , new shoes , and phone in my pocket '
just saw as ad for a pill that said sometimes fatal and if you are depressed it will make it worse sometimes to the point of suicide ..wtf '
rt   : two dinners and still hungry . rejoice ! you are a gluttonous gainer and we love ya for it ! '
    (the 3 :58 and after is about gunther-rachel ) '
out my office window - even the toshiba billboard crashes sometimes ...ha!   '
my daily twittascope -   '
can we look forward to a quiet atlantic huricane season ?   '
rt :   rt from iran : iran admits 50 cities had more votes than voters ... (cont's - see source ) "
rt   link '
rt   : rt   : if you ?ve never met the devil in the road of life , its because you ?re both heading in the same di ... '
linux kernel :acer_wmi causes stack corruption   '
why an automatic forex trading system is an essential part of your . see   :]watched the mav's & nugget's game ... "
  ssnbreach was transferred to   it's a proof-of-concept . let me know if you have questions /thoughts "
my mom's work out face is hecka intense lqtm "
&gt; something i really love /like/enjoy. find out what it is ... '
  gibt es dazu auch irgendwo einen mittschnitt ? da scheint ja durchaus unterhaltungspotential vorhanden zu sein :) '
ok , back from the park and the natives seem to be calm ...for now . both passed out , but i dare not move or they will expect ball tossing '
i just took the "what jonas song has the lyrics ...." quiz and got : you know all jb \'s songs !! try it :   '
no caxo como xuxa se ocupa esta cosa '
valdres : kjempet heroisk , men tapte 1 -3: fc lyn oslo scoret to ml mot slutten av frste omgang , og lede ..   '
  uhhh ...whaa? '
no post title '
fail .   '
susan signed up ... cool '
histoire de famille chez les jagger   '
eleies do benfica suspensas : o recurso sobre a providncia cautela interposta por carlos quaresma contra as el ..   '
crop circle mystery solved ...   '
hey house ! shit happens ! '
every marketer needs traffic , get masses of it for free , find out how for free at   its 100 % free ! '
i need to sleep ...yet my body wont let me ....this sucks ! '
rt   : help npr's   team id lobbyists in photo from a congressional hearing on health care reform :   "
finally on the road ! starting off the trip with some kol ,then willie ,asleep at the wheel ,the who ,regina spektor ,and black rebel motorcyc ... '
akihabara news : cowon japan resuscitate the acorn mp3 player : back in 2007, ever-green ..   '
so far this hour : ladyhawke (http://tinyurl.com/63g7xb), flo rida (http://tinyurl.com/dmamak) & the volt (http://tinyurl.com/r9jzl6) - p ... '
government to keep bank regulation from boe : london (reuters) - britain plans to keep financial regulation in th ..   '
my headache isn't going awaaaayyy :(   "
listening to the hockey guys whine about push /pull day '
packing ...   '
rt           the guys need our votes !!!   '
no ocean , but chicago moves to legalize surfing : the windy city is one of america's sports meccas : home to the b ..   "
this is so pdx - the pun-ishment ride   '
  cik neloiski ! paziot , ka dm koncerts nenotiks un blakus iespja iegdties bieti ! '
"siamo stanchi di sobriet da cantar con energia / della sua mediocrit , della sua malinconia / e non c ..."   '
  great idea ...maybe i'll do that today too . husband could use a break i'm sure . have a great one ! "
free comics !!! rt   : going to be giving away more graphic novels this afternoon . stay tuned for trivia ! '
  voc deveria ter lido isso :   '
brinker's influence all around   "
  you'll be great !! no worries !! "
i just took the "how much do u know about tokio hotel " quiz and got : your a tokio hotel genious ! try it :   '
just got twitter '
charles griffes - clouds - 01 :43 pm visit www .radiotagr.com/wblu to tag this song '
new acai burn detox this is be claimed has the #1 acai product .   '
inovahire .com jobs ! long island , ny : java architect   '
  hey congrats on fallon !!!! i take it i won't be seeing you on the festi circuit ??? and who got arrested ??? (don't have mtv ) "
just got back from khoa's house . library first though , after stocklands . :)   "
'
shedule self reminders to yourself using futuretweets   '
hahaha nicee one hollie :p im about to go on my long 'road trip ' lol "
  frontin ass niggggaaaaaaa '
midtown building gets green stamp   '
respirar um pouco pra comer a sobremesa -nnn! porq meu limewire no quer funcionar ? argh '
gave me a good laugh !   '
  - djnf 5 : i dont think this was a joke but im not sure ... '
  there are no reasons . i just give a pray 4 u everyday . take care ! '
just woke up . thank you god for inventing sleep ! '
rt   today interview done . plenty of politics . bit disappointing that sarah , the presenter , did not ask me any education questions '
  amen dylan . this mess is because everything over the past 10 years geared to the top .1% of people . really started in '81 "
just checking who else i know is on this thing . could be interesting . '
: assistant service sales representative - uniform - denver , co   '
audio : omgharrypotter : movie music is always often incredible .   '
updated my blog with greek-seasoned grilled pork chops recipe with lemon and oregano   '
@   kristin davis pushes ahava at l &t: i think we sold more ahava toda ..   '
players is closing ?! rt   : rtwt   : players club , a chapel hill staple , is set to close (via   ) '
i just took the "miley fan ????" quiz and got : wow ! try it :   '
bom diaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !!! '
    is online now ! '
don't read to much into it la times , i don't think hbo is selling this as the american dream gone bad .   "
rt   follow   for developing story of honduran president being arrested by honduran military after disputed election . '
us visitors - this is for you :   tags : at &t shorty award santa oprah '
apparently ride your bike to work week is in two weeks from now . wtf am i doing on my bike ? '
rt first aid info now in farsi ! ttp ://gr88.tumblr.com pls rt . it takes a min & could save a ..   '
  snap--won \'t be anywhere near ready in time . guess i \'ll have to wait for another "sale" '
rt   : i want to go on a retreat simply to read and write . i want to - too ! '
at last , a system that will actually tell you how to make a campaign that provides passive income   '
rt   : would you upgrade to 2007 or wait for 2010 ? exchange 2010 !! '
acabe de leer :d '
rt   : drake tore his acl yall . event for tonight in la has been canceled . '
rt having that problem here too . my cat is not liking it   : i think someone is lighting off some belated juneteenth firecrackers . '
  wow ,if u dont laugh at this ...nothing is funny to u !!!!!!!! '
#4 overall on the all-new government twitter directory list -   (http://govtwit.com) '
is looking forward to checking out sono at portside tonight   '
alex ... rip mj ! :'(.   "
ny beatmakers : roland srv -2000 digital reverb $100   '
rt   : very silent on - anyone needs a push ? it worked for me ! '
  oh , thanks a lot ! it works now =) ...that was really impressive ! '
dft [08:23] pharming wisselt obligaties om   '
  that is such a stereotype . that is like saying "mark you are tall you must play basketball ." well i don \'t i like ballet . '
  yr blogspot one redirects to your new one . maybe that is what your settings say to do ? '
secret life was intense tonight ! '
groovytweets is now following   , welcome ildar karimov ! check out   '
tilos maraton grafika :   '
now playing : lil wayne - lollipop   -- listen live   '
  that so cool can't wait for you next album ! "
  apparently k2 conceived this . *swoon* '
new blog post : -   '
...rt   : .. ...rt         :   .. .. '
hey   do you really tlk 2 drake ??? (teyanataylor live >   '
ficken ist das warm . '
somebody beat perez hilton azz 4 real for lying on will .i.am please ! movement !! wat a f *ckin crybaby   '
swine flu toll hits 16 as brampton girl dies (toronto star )   '
2 x surf on now 7 second timer or less now on . report all tos breakers pls   '
  - our english country garden - well its in the city but we pretned '
fat man on telly telling other fat man off for having too much on his plate - hypocrite . '
st-jean baptiste :d '
  rt where do u need the volunteers '
rt   travel the meteora : my newest music video   '
the god mob . templeton foundation hates science .   '
rt   fareastmovement far east movement coming up on air on   rightnow '
...con la posibilidad de actualizar y ampliar contenidos en webs especficas "   '
i've been working like crazy proxying and spreading news , i've watched a lot of horrible things , and been inspired . godspeed iran "
my facebook profile :   :-) '
sittin at the computer '
  ain't mad at you . got nothing but love for you . do your thing boy . good luck in buf ! thanks for the tds in big d ! t .o. "
  i wish you didn't feel intimidated and inferior by me . i guess i really fucked up . but i am a nice ...   ~8m8uh "
phil spector requests ipod to pass the time while in jail [crime] : famed beatles produces and founding member o ..   '
hopes his brother's new record will do really well :   "
'
    - so cute , i miss them '
natasha falling back asleep . &lt;-----who twittered this ? her stalker ? '
live (angry) estoy mirando la pelcula terrible en el canal starmovie .   '
  i think that is a fairly reasonable 10 year plan ... i am curious what sk's 10 year plan is gonna look like ? "
* '
all alone on a sunday morning ... '
rt   : eta asesina a un guardia civil al hacer estallar un coche bomba en arrigorriaga   '
jafar /frollo/scar's voice is always a slease when he's a person in disney ... "
frn psykbryt .com: de psyksjuka bgarna : via facebook fr jag information om den kommande stu ..   '
  '
homeschool commencement : standing on the threshold of change : as christian homeschoolers , how do we mark graduat ..   '
some great info you how to get your visitors to return . interesting info to consider   '
apple patent could ease 911 cellphone calls : diggtechnologyupcoming / hothardware apple patent could ease 911 ce ..   '
just got a personalized twitter background at   '
  schaumburg '
somehow , i broke my glasses . '
rt   in davis : 7 ways to learn something new   summer doesn't have to be a time of mental inactivity ! "
  they need help rt   taser sunday ends in bloodbath @ tehranu campus & dorms '
hlder tambm especulado nos aflitos   '
  hi debbie ! i sent u a dm check it out ! ;) '
must have for summer ....j. crew black matte jersey dress .   '
dead media beat : myspace   '
management trainee : sales & marketing - calee - seattle , wa ...http://jobsurl.com/6c496 '
  oh , yes ! was coming 2 tell u . it's so awesome ! been trying 2 do something new ...make a button 4 some 1 s site . out of my element . "
sanofis lantus cancer scare shows how enormous power lies with few experts : the cancer scare over sanofi-aventi ..   '
  - ann arborites are crazy . saw this on church by pizza house '
nothing like a good mj song to sooth me 2 la la land ....listening to 'music and me ' by michael jackson     "
i just took the "are you good or evil ?" quiz and got : super villain ! try it :   '
welcome new followers         '
  oh helllll nah ... ima block yo ass ! lol jk .... quepasacalabasa ? '
adding vegetables to everyday meals :   '
watching kathy griffin my life on the d-list . love her . '
rt   : zomg i just saw a tweetdeck bird outside when i left the gym ! (haha awesome !) '
  det har jeg ogs bemrket . faktisk slet ikke set det virke . burde kaste mig over hende mtv-pr-damen . men hun gr ikke noget :( '
family will be presenting at a church that 1 /10th the population of princeton , wv attends '
issu foi froids hein capetinha kkkkkkkkk rt     recomendo sim , mas sou homem ! '
rt   a taste of iceland :   '
new post : moving on with a new toy : ever since anja passing , mommy and daddy have really been busy with ..   '
rt   : obama's moment of stunning hypocrisy on obamacare   a dukakis moment in reverse . "
en24heures .com natation - open de paris - un petit leveaux : rien ne va plus pour amaury leveaux . l ..   '
new mafia game hits up twitter players for money : san francisco (ap) twitter inc .'s founders still haven &#..   "
thinking bout my next move '
time to study :) '
we're here in novi , mich (detroit area ) about to kickoff the motoroilmatters .org launch tour ! check out the website tomorrow ! "
rt : hold the qu'ran in demonstrations . apparently it is a sin to kill anyone holding qu'ran in their hands . "
now that i have furniture to sit on , my productivity has reached a daytime low . wonder if hell will freeze over tmrw when i get a tv stand . '
rt   : just entered $1000 cash contest ! win by following   and rt .   '
  check this out   '
rt   : found all the video i shot with lucas , spielberg etc in cannes last year . may finally get some of it online next week . '
just took my 100 th mugshot !   '
  - my new best friend , vincent . '
rt   : for anyone who has ever done web /software contracting work   '
rt   every 1 of us can be like them {hmm u could insert barack obama bell hooks , & any other inspirational figure in ur life '
  check out these smokin ' vid clips troy roberts xenden suite live @ charles hotel , north perth jan '09   "
bilang pada ribut gara 2 flu babi :-&   '
pigmento left a comment for bob niederriter : pigmento left a comment for bob niederriter   '
  i am fine , having had an up-and-down weekend . apple pie (up), cranky husband (down), toddler dancing (up), no time off (down) '
hone your regexp pattern-building skills -   '
had such a great time at the lakers parade ! so very proud of those men !!! hanging with my hubby trevor ariza tomorrow ! super excited !!!!! '
  isn't nice to do that ??????????????????? "
tower of power - you're still a young man   "
  you should also check out some of the harder stuff we have up like " truth " and "better memories ". '
100   '
at last a decent band '
i uploaded a youtube video -- how to get way more views !   '
re :   '
rlfans third poll should noble be given more time or go now ?: wigan pier : to be honest i can't see him lea ..   "
check this video out -- transformers 2 got brotherized (or niggerized )   '
weight watchers-producten zijn niet altijd de magerste keuze : wie zijn heil zoekt bij dieetmaaltijden van weight ..   '
    - aw .. its sasha :) '
    abigvictory   how bout some power rt to your people ....| www .petersantilli.com   '
greece travel archive du blog ddx : a guide because of your ...   '
my standards .next presso and demos   (slideshare:   video :   '
bonkers -   '
another of   's great annual meeting summaries . this time it's kenya's athi river cement company .   "
rt   how does solar energy work explained   --something serious to think about for home use-tks '
  i had to follow u i was reading what u said it was tooooo funny lol i dont even know who u are but i was dying '
web development , internet marketing and seo company pune-india - pr-inside .com (pressemitteilung)   '
configurando twitter '
cqb city has scheduled in a game date   www .cqbcity.com/catalog/index.php '
i just attacked   and won .   '
sky news quoting us website as saying that michael jackson is dead . blimey . '
  non oso immaginare cosa sia accaduto nella mars mulino dopo che topo s ' bevuto l ' intruglio magico o .o "
alistair webb is a stupidly talented designer , enjoy ;   '
free kid cudi concert ftswindle with             .   '
on the internet '
  - '
rt   :   cuz i'm not there . :-)i miss you handsome boy "
kids (joey, meg and nick ...lol) playing mario kart ! just chillin out before bed . '
new dweebist post : best buds   '
stogsdill non champ : 4 :06.7   '
~ a !   u gotta love 'em rt   random tweets ~ ~ & check out his avatar ~ "
  pin :24b46368 '
maybe a mistake ? miley pipes up   '
    - cherry red shit is fire '
new blog post : can someone sue me for a car accident if i have insurance ?   '
  how u in tweetjail and i can c yo update ... '
rt   : kobe bryant has just been named the 1 st-ever recipient of the bill russell nba finals most valuable player award . ! '
  - me and my cousin drinking it up ! '
rt   rt :my nigga ask 4 da # & she tried 2 give him a email . --snds like smone i know   -- garynthe mustangaintmind ! '
video : fenomenali saltatrici di corda   '
nova postagem : disk assembleia de deus   '
rt   :     /me thinks stevie's subversive kungfu is very good . great grist for thought . "
twitternews : concurring opinions twitter fraud : philadelphia eagles player asante samuel discovere ..   '
go cubbys   '
rt   :   i memorize the verse completely so i can focus solely on delivery ***this is my favorite method **** '
nice guitar ,   !   and your voice ain't nerdy   "
rt   :   iphone for fun , blackberry for business '
rt   rt   2   '
  haha '
2 more days for lvatt to comeout !!!!!!!! &lt;3 '
listening to my boyfriend talk on the phone about his exgirlfriend for six minutes now . '
oh palin     '
ops : wright : .953 ortiz : .690 rt   rt   : and when does david wright get some of ortiz's eye drops ? "
white closet (bloor / dundas west ): closet has 2 shelves and hanger rod and is 2 \'x2\'x6\'8" call 647 ..   '
goodnight my homies ! i'm praying to god above to help me start my day at 10 am tomorrow morning . inshalla ya rab !   "
shyt jus k00liin iit '
rt   : ""for you   and all my blippin friends ...hahaha"" >> "ain\'t nobody " by rufus & chaka khan ...   ~86zkp '
  - she bad !!! '
rt : stompalinawhaaaa !?? we will soon be able to switch factions !   . what is the world coming to ? '
the adventures of johnny northside : donald walthall takes the ...: "market\'s not as good this year ,&quo..   '
nice am walk in chicago - what an utterly charming city (coming from someone who's had perfect weather so far ). "
  talked to family and we have plans saturday . would breakfast work on monday ? '
business suite 1.2 .3 (freeware) | pcvesti .rs   '
  '
fri jun 19 skid row @ grizzly rose denver   '
mooi zo ! rt   : stuurgroep lekboulevard voor het woonzorgdeel weer een stap verder . '
i'm gonna go out tonight with my von dutch trucker hat with the matching graphic tee "
mj passes on , what a shocker '
at &t: iphone mms feature to come 'at no extra cost '   "
thank you to everyone shopping my amazon affiliate links ! im grateful for your support !   '
rt   live at the black apple is returning 2 s .o.b.'s on july 14 th . the red pillz & i'll b rocking out !!! tons of surprises "
rt   can't wait for somebodyt to port the new htc hero rom to the touch pro 2 "
  sorry naz i meant that to nora lol '
ajoka unveils innovative new surveillance camera and spy products - tmc net : ajoka unveils innovative new survei ..   '
red line = profoundly unpleasant . '
it's a day of happy hours peeps ! society cafe at encore ! yum ! truffle mac n cheese bits on special along with other yummy apps and drinks ! "
rt   : errrr ..opening woes continue .4th straight duck by an opener ? - and he still batting , much less opening ?!?!?! '
  eep . i *think* i have . if not , it's just proof of my lack of home trainin ' (as they say in the south ). "
rt   the nhl , pokerstars .net, and the world series of poker in las vegas :   '
swindon adver - no room for sentiment : david byrne insists any former loyalties went out the wi ..   '
  i would , but i have no drive in doing it and i'd rather be the next asian will smith haha "
blogged : a crush ? on me ?? o .m.g!: yes , thats how my day yesterday started off . i received a m ..   '
common tag . enables publishers to use semantic tagging to improve - discoverable , connected , and engaging .   '
rt   : no veo cobertura alguna , en la tv , sobre la captura del posible asesino de alicia delgado -.-' "
  if i were in nyc here i'd be ! rt   central park bed-in 4 world peace postponed due 2 heavy rain &flooding   "
  yeah . why do they want me so much ? '
rt   shout out to                 '
  finnish design at its simplest :) '
rt :   : now dhoni has all the time in the world to catch up with his friends on his new aircel pocket internet '
united states probation officer us probation office casper , wy : probation officer starting salary :..   '
  were so going to britney , which one orlando or atl . im getting a job this week . ring side seats , sup ! '
a capital idea to cut company tax   '
show support for democracy in iran add green ribbon to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
  - manga com leite no blog da c .s.!!! '
  hahahaha '
i do not think that anyone could every clearly define the true love ... '
heres a website that works to get you more followers :   '
rt   surprise ! mlb at bat users don't have to wait . a's-dodgers is now live . nats-yanks has been there tonight as well . "
rt   : my msn is broken . im not amused ! msn or man ? lol '
380 . sunday june 28, 2009 : a spanish elephant counting up & up has added a photo to the pool :   '
  :o i'm liking the sound of that ! :p x "
  aww don't cry ! chad isn't worth it ! please don't forget about me ;) and oh god ! here we go again ! :0 lol "
oh , and again , please tell everyone following you to follow me , got to get someone's attention in hollywood someday .....i hope !...lol... "
rt   davisville looks like the world is ending ...almost completely bare shelves and ridiculous amounts of people in line '
  heb je al iphone os 3.0 draaien ? daarna gelijk tap tap revenge installeren en push testen ! :) '
5 a categoria rocks ! o / '
i just attacked   and lost .   '
why wont spotify play !! i have the worlds most annoying headache . i hope you had a nice day   '
rt :   ok   but for real doe i got a girl crush ,thats a bad bitch !! dont judge me ...<-me too secretly no homo lol '
maureen's protest : over the moon go maureen !-mimi "
had a great time at the indy race and the shannon brown concert ... corn fed ! woot ! '
why why looky here rain again lol what a surprise   '
photo : ez a hres kihalban lv fehrhzi vrszv lgy lehetett . lgyl obama valsznleg az utols ...   '
i missmissmissmiss michelle . '
la brea & slauson i seen it , lol rt bigbooty 1981 me twitter say something bout plasma tvs at a gas station ...aint none of those in the hood '
what a nite ! '
rt   :   awesome is human creativity !!! '
doesn't want to watch the stupid movie anymore .   "
looking for a job !!! '
  love it backgrounder just got updated '
  pls rt 48 hrs after lauch - what is the wes verdict ? read report on www .facebook.com/pages/integrasco/94862836369 "
una noticia de luis miguel que no debe sorprender ... luis miguel pegando cuernos ?   '
rt   : if you learn from defeat , you haven't really lost . zig ziglar "
opinion l .a.: in today's pages : graduation day at locke . plus holden caulfield , smoke and mirrors : ..   "
  thanks for giving it a try :-) you have found a bug already . u can delete thoise "undefined" msgs while i try figure the cause ! '
  lemme get back to you on that :) '
great talk it up tonight - view it and read wrap up http :// bbpnonline .com '
reading : new movies : 'away we go ,' 'transformers' 2 - the herald-times (subsc..     "
rt :   : rt   please note that all identified twitterers from iran have fallen silent in the past hour '
rt   how the recession is reshaping the american family   '
rt   : sheri got her boobies under control tonight , lol --> yep good for her '
  ja , bei ebay , ohne probleme und fr den preis mehr als ok   '
  i meant that they have selected pics and the cover shots should be available shortly . i gotta see how babyface he looks ! lol '
  - i look like a zombie ! haha , good morning michigan ! '
  not true unless u twitpic '
andre j : verrckter vogel in antwerpen   '
looking for a job '
rt   : lcross lunar swingby recapped at   '
  ooo i liked that one , and conveniently found this article today :   '
: custom closets , closet systems , organization solutions .tri-state ( manhattan ) free : smart cl ..   '
  '
peter sunde de pirate bay no esta en el pirate party de hecho este partido en suecia es sorprendentemente liberal y de centro derecha '
rt iemommy $100 gift certificate to slim perfect -   '
syndicate radio is now live on stickam   started : sat , 12 :04 pdt '
i think of you when i'm stocking fishing poles . "
rt     - programao da nossa primeira turn rj-sp . contamos com os amigos pra divulgao :) '
nissan for sale - nissan : quest 3.5 2008 nissan quest 3.5 ,extra clean ,loaded,warranty - go to   '
rt   :   i text your sprint ... follow me !! ;) '
rt   now brandon phillips is dancing with robin habisch and doing a re-creation of her being run over by tarp . this i ... '
new blog post :   '
trash day fridays   '
  yep , right where i'm at as well . take care ! "
just when things are getting better something just has to come along to knock me down . xo '
rt   :   says educ . is a priority . tell him now 2 rescind his proposed 50 % cuts 4 oh libraries ! '
rt   : looking for a new blog ? check out "john stossel \'s take ":   '
    '
rt :   : goto operator will be officially available in php 5.3   but why !!! '
mm ok i'll go . i love   , that is all . gnt "
saltnes er stfolds flotteste sted , noe godt over 2500 personer kunne konstantere etter flott sankthans feiring p saltholmen i gr . '
  : w0000000000t000000t00000t , lightning ! '
  090619 1 -sj..boa video '
madonna mag mercy adopteren : blantyre - de hoogste rechtbank in malawi heeft aan popdiva madonna toestemming geg ..   '
i was faced a problem with google docs can't upload docx files now they solved reading topic from   "
enjoying my quality chicken caesar salad for lunch ... best food in the world in addition to thai , cookies &cream, tim tams & uncletobys oats ! '
  heh '
  not for me it aint y is it depressing for i might be able to help y are u so depressed whats the problem '
i am waiting for my game for like a downloading !!!!&gt;&gt;&gt; '
rt   fnished new blog post   about first step internet marketing course by   and   '
father's day , obama , and me - everyday ethics : it has been my motivation for everything i want out of life -..   "
rt   free nobel peace prize winner aung san suu kyi ! '
rt   10 twitter best practices for brands   (via   ) '
one of the most beautiful place in the world :)   '
clickbank newbie cracks the code ! see how he did it ! -   '
umm , yeah , fjchbknfhgbjmklhcjfbklnmtjbhk   '
  lol ikno that shidd was fugazi '
  i will '
she is cool ,lovely,slim and beautiful ,she needs a matured frnd btw 30 to 35 (1 picture , rivers dating )   '
we now have only 4 tickets left for the pet shop boys in at metropolis , montreal on 29 th august .   '
craziness ! rt   : yogurt could potentially slow spread of hiv     '
romusicfox blog archive shoe repair glue : among the various tools that a cobbler has , shoe repair glue is ma ..   '
... '
i just took the "what mcfly album represents you ?" quiz and got : radio :active! try it :   '
rt : after siskel \'s death , the onion quietly posted a sidebar headline : "ebert victorious ". [yes, i had that in mind . --j.] (via   ) '
rt   : rt   : windows rt :@ironsjp c :\\windows\\system32\\drivers\\etc\\hosts "203.141.139.184 favotter .matope.com" ... '
says ehhhh ko gue ga bisa lupain dia yaa ? huu   '
published a new post : more signs at san francisco gay pride parade 2009 (   ) '
at bukowski's boston quaffing a late am mug of victory prima pils .   "
sorry , i'm not laughing at beltway gop jokes .   "
heute um 20 uhr auf   wunschcocktail mit dem clemens '
  i carried our team lol u gotta bring it next time '
  - johanna and me at locatelli '
ali akbar khan also died this week . i'm sad i never took the opportunity to see him perform . "
dont forget to also visit my fishing store ! have all sorts of fishing baits , rods , reels , tackle items   '
  - just posted a pic of the fever working with habitat for humanity ... i enjoy these days '
  yea they were pretty good . it jus looked too good i couldn't resist lol "
final eight set for college world series : it will only help that their second-year skipper serrano is quite fami ..   '
awesome , iran showing lord of rings marathon to pacify protests   they should give out warcraft accounts too . '
  thanks , brian . i look forward to talking with you ! '
hbsch gemach , nett und kurz :   '
em ... stfu much ?! =| whit are you playin at ?! '
holiday homework : pay and get it done   '
promo codedl '
... '
(10)2004 fleer tradition dwight howard rc mint $100: us $9.99 (0 bid ) end date : wednesday jul -01-..     '
i just took the "which fallout boy member are you ??" quiz and got : pete wentz ! try it :   '
haha i did the same rt   hungover seeing the hangover ... '
...new work ...http://www.jpgmag.com/people/kaimarie '
i have found a way to get thousands of twitter followers :   '
the drugs don't work - guardian .co.uk: the drugs don't workguardian .co.ukmost gps respond to mental heal ..   "
rt   glendale celebrates 99 th birthday , prepares for centennial :   << so many candles ! '
  ah hah ! now the numbers all make sense . muchas gracias . aye aye ayyeeeee . '
  ..and usa has 0 .... :-) have a wonderful evening !!! '
tethering for all of my iphone friends (like   )   '
still enjoying sound of silver . those of you might remember the song from the gta advert , it's on here =) "
not everyone is an mlm success , but bolt this on   '
@#iranelection "if you bring forth what is inside u , what u bring forth will save u , if you do not bring it forth , it will destroy you " '
journey -don't stop believing navy style lol   "
  who are you talking to ? '
rt   : funniest tattoo site ever . i am hurting with laughter !   (via   ) (*omg yes !*) '
rt   no shock strings attached stimulus money is what wiped out the scholarship daughter earned through testing   '
low-cost love : couples find ways to cut wedding costs - traverse city record eagle   '
getting well while you shop   '
  yeh get them to remove it , although it could make an interesting new blog . weird messages you receive from dating sites ... '
you want street music from   ?   "around my city " ft .   &   . rt ! '
morning sit : focus on rest '
ap top entertainment news at 8 :12 pm edt - herald zeitung : ap top entertainment news at 8 :12 pm edtherald zeitun ..   '
vertoeft weer in 't limburgse , lekker zonnetje , nu nog een brandje "
rt   via   : talking to   about "web 2010 ", where we are going and how we \'ll get there   '
in the mood for tijuana fats . '
  what does ''his v '' mean ?! :) "
valerie in loves because : it's beautiful , scenic , friendly , different types of weather for enjoying .   "
    - t linda . s2 '
factbox : security developments in iraq   '
rt   : mississippi state brass just finished nationwide facility tour of other schools . '
androide 9 : patty ibarra - ganas : un 7 de octubre del ao de 1974 nace una de las mejores cantantes del ..   '
europe to get 7 sans browser (ina fried /cnet news ) :   '
in bruce's social media workshop "
an angel has fallen and we lost our king of pop ! '
look how many people are on the red team on the bottom   '
they're golden hands . "
liburan dalam kota yang murmer berame 2 . lagi sama anak 2, keponakan dan adikku di happy puppy   '
whew . wrote two blog posts tonight . i'm going to catch up if it ...well, not if kills me . i'm not that dedicated to blogging , sorry . "
  i .softbank.jp '
rt   "obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal . .... ~ e . joseph cossman '
photo : live revolution .   '
rt   try not to become a man of success , but rather try to become a man of value . albert einstein '
severe thunderstorm warning issued june 26 at 4 :50pm mdt expiring june 26 at 5 :30pm mdt by nws cheyenne     '
release : vmware fusion 2.0 .5 (virtualization.info)   '
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
never watch abc , nbc , cbs , cnn , msnbc , etc . they are all in obama's tank . even starting to wonder about o'reilly ! not the same . "
heart-wrenching . the defining video of this movement .   '
  the ones i've seen did not blink for a long time ! btw , u guys r amazing ~ must be hard marching uphill ! thx for the info ... "
  oh ho ..so u r an aravind swamy fan aah '
chillaxing on the bed whilst marvin licks my ears . mmmmm .. '
achieved level 8   '
love this ! rt   some typos are better than the original word . lip blam for instance . '
rt   i'm expanding my social network (you can too ):   interest : "
  all ur sexual talk leon ,...ur mom prolly spies on ur ass '
rt :   great deals on childrens beds   '
terrible , terrible headache . . '
rt   really cool flash websites   '
to women who want to lose fat -- but can't get started   "
l . castillo and j . manuel : making sure i don't see my next birthday . "
honda cr-v il-d !   '
i just become a member of this awesome site that gets you tons of followers :   '
rt   : this is how   is lowering your google rank by using up your meta tags :   pls rt ! '
will make the purpose of writing all his dreams from now on . some really great ones . *sigh* '
pressemeddelelse : fornuftigt frste kvartal for nrgi - ls mere her   '
which pepsi do you like more ? enter your answer and e-mail for a chance to win a $50 visa gift card and some free pepsi !   '
  touch . am i on there ...? :) '
sign up free and get 400 followers a day using   '
rt   : , ( :   '
  '
doin the saturday usual '
all-girl masturbation ! leah luv , lexi love , madeline marks , marissa jayden , michelle sweet , monique madison   '
rt   : qq393537463 15801685495   via   '
jaman nenek rt   : siapa penyanyi tempo doeloe yang orangnya ribet banget ? hectic koes endang (via   ) '
rt   : who gossips to you will gossip of you . turkish proverb '
  - feels like coming home :d '
twitter &#39;s verified accounts for the famous celebrities   '
rt : postal service brings augmented reality down to earth ..   postal service brings aug ..   '
rt   : rt   :   it's ok for michelle to meddle with americorps . it's not like it's iran or something . "
. beginners guide to spray painting - car paint gun operation   '
  - playing with the kitty '
rt   : if u r happy and doing well then others want to be around you , see yourself having everything you want-it paves your way '
this is facinating : "what a real spaceship capable of warp drive would look like :   " (via   ) '
  - dave in a red dress with bree '
rt   : check out layer , the first mobile augmented reality browser for android   '
rt   : it sounds like i missed out last night ... but shit , the bar /lounge i went to last night was pretty crackin too .. hahaha '
eu rgt china wegen inet-filter   nur gut das es hier nicht passiert :( '
working on a cloud and soa presentation ...send me an email to learn more ..hector@us.ibm.com '
glad you are on r side tmmy rt   : wow , i'm really humbled by all the and all the new follows . thank you "
  : "ziggy stardust (live in hammersmith 1973 )"   ~8didt '
rt   : oh shit they added a new zodiac sign ! - plasticteacups : uh , what the fuck so im a libra now ? where can i find that info ?? '
sitio que deben tener todos mis amigos que les gusten los webcomics   '
rt   : rt   : prescribed burn now out of control : firefighters are trying to contain a prescribed burn near p ..   ... '
  gracias por el rt de   . estuvo pasao . '
is realli tired ...thought i wuz gettin betta but no ! throat hurts , can't talk , mad headache ! "
  you guys caught catfish ? check out   if you're interested in trout fishing in the sierras . "
die zauberkugel hat gesprochen . in der nchsten zeit komme ich mit niemanden zusammen . hmpf ! '
favorited a lol 'hello! can u heerz me ? wez gonna git u out !'   "
para per   '
cool sinks and trashcan in there too '
  is dat nick in tose pifctures miley plz anser i lov u xxxxx '
posted "teaching philosophy in prison " at aapt members :   '
audi for sale - audi : a4 we finance !! 2006 audi a4 1.8 t cabriolet heated leather wood 13 k mi - go to   '
e's top 25 hip hop albums of the 2000 's: five , four , three , two ...one: the countdown is complete . here are my to ..   "
rt   : contextual ads based off social network profile : twitter and facebook   ~@qliq '
think i have finally calmed down now the neighbours have gone for breakfast . liquid no doubt . '
video : awesome video mashup . maybe the last word on mj . (via gawker )   '
my daily twittascope -   '
aeaheuahueauhiuhihaihuehiehauiheiuah 5 x0 ? '
  : $90,000? omg !,lol i can't wait to see how this turn out . "
top 10 social media stories of the week ... (mashable) technews .am   '
un train bloque la ligne : ir 1720 : un train bloque la ligne : ir 1720 en provenance de brig , dpart 10 :57, via v ..   '
ifad president warns :the impact of financial crisis on developing countries will be more visible in coming months   '
  68 % '
smash ball '
check out this link ...transformers 2, racist ???http://bit.ly/mrznx '
it aint nothin like a arizona ice tea mucho mango '
rt   : i love   '
  - '
  details details my friend . congrats !   '
jbrook 37 : i was in yellowstone over the weekend , we got lost twice on the way home , it doubled the trip time :/ '
magnum is da man ! rt   : y antes de irme , un preview de la nueva propuesta de george lucas : han solo , p .i.   '
working at the fireworks stand aw the texaco in pearl river . someone come visit me please ! '
1,1 |truncate/2191613477|1misono '
  you will always be an icon !!! haha ok ,good night :) i'm so happy !!!!!!! "
  i only said straight to be against the grain . either way is fine with me , as long as it's flowing . "
  weeping . so is today bofy then ? '
  : karachi , encore une fois je dconseille et je ne vois pas l'intrt . "
help crunchgear raise money for the child's play charity : techcrunch / techcrunchhelp crunchgear raise money for ..   "
    haha .. '
  disfrute en familia , sr . solo preguntaba por ud . '
gonna hit the sack nite .#bsb '
omg we are listening to wow bluegrass music .....please someone help '
sedang nyoba online lewat plurk ...   '
i promise to never again make jokes referencing under devlped third-world countries , or people who live in huts , shanties , or places w /o ac '
rt :   michael bay has 2 speeds : slow motion and on fire . (via   ) '
flight to alaska delayed 2 hours , going to miss our seattle connection ...but the moose are waiting !! '
uau ! fiz meu primeiro rt . e escolhi um de alta categoria . '
latest news : economy slump worst in fifty years : the recession-blighted uk economy shrank at its fas ..   '
paris hilton business as usual . get the full story at flylip celebrity news and gossip   '
new bloggage :   '
  enjoy ! '
  '
  frank and derol is awesome you guys rock '
  '
  a matryoshka's song remixed by world's end girlfriend ? how interesting . "
rt breaking : green revolution at least partly responsible for neda's death     iran neda "
bodog offers players final shot at wsop seats this sunday : bluff poker news   '
this is hilarious !!! rt   : north carolina student accused of creating a "monster" (check out the picture )   '
rt   : mousavi has stated 'if i am arrested or killed - strike until the gov falls ' - "
just came home from the movies . saw taking of pelham 123 a must see movie . and night at the museum ;-)... that one was cool '
1 o descobri q tem gente q gosta de ser formador de opinao pelo twitter e q tem gente q usa como verdade suprema do mundo '
new blog post : gille , christian   '
fui na pathy   '
  check out www .g-wear.co.uk! '
listening to "t.i. feat . rihanna-live your life (full version ) - "   ~9150k '
dear los angeles mexicans and some coons : jerry west jerry buss kobe bryant et al don't give a fuck about you so stop shooting and lighting "
  a cozinha te espera '
has the night off . what to do ?   '
too hot , too hot , too hot todaay   '
  i'll take that as a sign you trust i can win ! :-) "
globe : legacy won't lose its luster -   "
ya for sure i am going see you there cupcake !!! '
young mula ft . klassik &     '
el guaje , ms a prop : el fitxatge de david villa pel bara s ms a prop . noms aix , com un moviment tctic , s '..   "
diggs monster of a communication problem   '
the swine flu vaccine is designed to weaponize the h1n1 virus :   '
pug puppeh sez : i stayz by fan today !   '
i know enough sql to lol rt   select * from customertable ct where ct .id like '%' "
rt   : either make yourself miserable or happy ! the amount of work is the same !! lets be happy yall !!! '
  - mzery of   :) '
check out "icountbeer" here   '
did my job advertise an idiots eat for free night or something ? because they are def out in full force tonight   '
rt from iran irib .ir - how is it possible that 2 million people march in your country and you say nothing ? - '
extra donations to supply new thrift store in west o .c.: diakonia , a shelter and resource center for people in n ..   '
n & s sudan say they will abide by arbitration court in the hague over who owns abyei . me thinks both are lying .   '
news : rod beckstrom appointed icann chief : australian out , cybersecurity expert in .   '
_ "perfume - yahoo !" (   ) '
check out this new nba blog - i think the writer is a clipper fan -   '
great looking piece of sectional (wakefield)   '
with this song i would like to be in love   ~8lazs '
  . mmmmm ....nope! '
this apple needed some love ...   '
gm all   '
storied prep football coach fatally shot at school   '
rt   attention there is a link spreading featuring a fake news saying jackson died of an an overdose . '
  yup haha . check schedule for moar if you want ^^ go fix your maple patch lmao '
created ringtone there's a tiger in the bathroom as my new default ringtone .   "
auction live on the internet in 45 min ...http://www.bonanzle.com/booths/auctionwally - pt 1 '
  this is what's op [-ed]. & just 4 elaboration   "
nc law enforcement to focus on drunken boating   '
rt   : i feel bad for outdoorsmen who now must retroactively prove to their wives they *really were * hiking the appalachians . '
tweet me a poem ? '
dailydeals   '
my daily twittascope -   '
twin cities pride parade attracts 125,000   '
  '
  -   baby i miss you , i really want to kiss you . '
  oh , i see .... '
rt   please retweet : just signed petition 'please don't cancel the unusuals !!' -   "
i just killed   in an assassination plot .   '
listening to campbell brown attempting to cover iran '
rt   : iran , pictures :   '
rt   if the sun decides to shine , you'll love our self indulgence or wtfc logo tanks . they're awesome & wtf   "
oh yeah btw both serena and venus won , but espn doesn't want to show show the venus score since nbc is showing it ltr delayed on wst coast "
rt   another meal w / austin . consistently one of the best lateral thinkers i know . much needed catalyst for can & the world . '
grenoble : bei den alpen ist man leicht geneigt , an eine abgelegene bergwelt weit ab vom schuss zu denken , doch z ..   '
rt   rt   : rt   : funniest tv commercials evah !   '
via   : thanks for the follow my friend ! i can't wait to connect !   -jason in detroit "
imagine that movie review   '
software engineer - client applications (ie) - ask .com - oakland , ca   '
  fuck naw nigga '
watching fireworks from da roof top ....   '
  u gotta actually come to the lab if u wanna catch us , once we in the streets aint no tellin when u gone see us '
1 in 8 americans is unsure about where they will find their next meal . '
bangkok education blogs what hypnosis can do to make your sex ...: posted under uncategorized by on wednesday ..   '
45 fabulous logo designs   (via   ) '
blue radio , june 19, 10 p .m. at east side bar and grill   '
aqui les dejo para que vean a patito feo jeje genial   '
  does this explain the spotty trees ?   '
please rt : free advertising for health products & services : www .green-healthy.com '
michael jackson died ! whats your network marketing legacy ?   '
photo : atsween : the very first comic that made me cry . good one for sure . walking dead made me cry more ,...   '
rt   : hearing that karoubi is in a car and being escorted through the streets with tens of thousands of people . '
i just took the "what exotic fruit should you try ?" quiz and got : star fruit ! try it :   '
rt   : the sum of human spirituality is not contained in any 1 language . >>nor all languages . words cannot express ineffable . '
will going for lunch any moment (hungry)   '
rt   martin white - using a risk management approach to build successful e-information business cases '
pixma repair ink absorber of pixma ip 1880 is full   '
rt   sigam                     '
rt   the world's in tehran 2 nite .   change ur location 2 gmt +3.30 to show support and protect iran tweeters "
rt   : special tip : as of 10 seconds ago /beefburrito was still available on facebook . act now ! '
maldita plantilla ! :##$#(@)(*^#@^#(@&%#)( '
celebrate 10 years of moonfruit and win a macbook pro   '
zup everyone i need mo followers so rt this "follow   asap he wuz on american idol & got sick videos all over youtube check em out " '
che succede al mio cuore ?   '
div .news-item &gt; var + p ::first-line ... if firefox and safari can understand this , then why can't you , ie8 ?! "
heading back to wisconsin '
rt   : hockey . hockey . hockey . go pens . da , da , da , dadada - charge ! (she likes hockey , who knew !) '
hey , borders ! did it ever occur to you to competetively price your dvd's and music instead of removing most of them ? "
  - tell me my dog isnt adorable ! i dare you ! haha '
?'s can everyone please go   and tell him to be norml ! thanks amanda rocks   supporting & "
can \'t stop singing "who\'s loving you " '
thats true you can't trust to many people   "
  nao vai pro meu niver de graa no galpo ? '
does google become an affiliate platform ?   '
manh de trabalho a meio gs ... '
350 new followers a day - totally free - no sale -   '
rt   rt   we blijven michael jackson herinneren als een man met -letterlijk en figuurlijk - vele gezichten   '
fire winding down southwest of green valley :   '
it's 4 am and i still have not slept . what shall become of me ? "
heck yeah !!! and tara too !(right i forgot her name it's been that long ) hahah they made the show | | much more amaz !@wafflesgirls "
  - isso tudo s pra pedir um livro pra prova do outro dia kkkkkkkkkkkkkkk '
  eleh tayah la jogg tayah laa '
chinas google block : a final warning ?   (via feedly ) '
senate confirms new chairman to lead fcc - new york times : ars technicasenate confirms new chairman to lead fccn ..   '
rt   : all new career center at   we need employers to post their jobs and job seekers to post resumes ! '
  - . ... '
  sorry , what was the question rachel ? '
what a sad sad sad day :'(. i know a lot of my younger life , i loved michael jackson's music , i still do . r .i.p mj , r .i.p farah fawcett . "
i think i'm going crazy ! "
wen trifft man auf der   und dem   '
  couldnt use my own name '
  hehe , you count them ?... '
i think if i fail to notice the drop i am probably not going to notice the sign telling me to "watch" my "step" either . '
rt   {29:11} my sons , be not now negligent : for the lord hath chosen you to stand ... '
rt   : check out the latest podcast with   & learn how she got published so quickly :   '
my review for my sister's keeper at popsyndicate .com:   "
halki at the forefront again   '
equality may perhaps be a right , but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact . honore de balzac '
uco bank may slash deposit rates again next month : the key drivers for this growth were infrastructure , automob ..   '
feed : samsung bigfoot : con android in arrivo per l'estate , ma con t-mobile : alcune indiscrezioni , filtrat ..   "
  '
rt   after the day i had today , this is appealing : 10 rules for slowing down and enjoying life more   '
i'm going to miss deanna so much ): "
bambis querem ronaldo para se recuperar ..... ronaldo esper , no lugar do muricy '
hey   flaming lips parody or style parody ? (#weirdal live >   '
  here is a twug my friend luv ya !! &lt;&lt;deanna&gt;&gt; '
just got back from a $500 shopping spree ! think i'm playing ? go to   to get urs before they run out ! "
  why no slappin mj until monday ? '
dont feel good !!!!!!! '
i'll miss you so fxcking much mj . :( "
  please rt (boycott twables app dms your q /a 2 your followers ! receiver answers sending dm's 2 1000 's "
ahmadinejad sucks at photoshop just like north korea   '
rt   : personal effects : dark art audio excerpt episode 1 is live .   '
rt       ~on the run ~ (snippet) prod by   '
blue jersey : quote of the day : it appears we'll have control of the city council   "
audio : sparks : falling in love with myself again because , come on , not one of us would fucking be here if we ...   '
rt   : roflmao ! stop it ! rt   : chance & real <<<true effin story !! '
  - ..a long but fun trip ... '
crazy ! rt   : rt   : physicist builds time machine to save his father's life   "
anyone experiencing any problems with ym on the adium ? '
  have arranged pre beer tonight . come join him :   '
    matt isn't allowed to grow a full beard . this was as far as i was allowed a year or two back :   "
  craysee '
why gm killed the 2010 chevy malibu hybrid   '
7 rt   : marktforschungsreferent pharma (m/w)   '
billy mays found dead ...   '
watch tonight on showtime . see episodes on demand one week early . schedule   '
players from various socioeconomic sectors join forces for the ...   '
  well , you're on greek time for sure ....[it's exactly noon here ] "
  in jesus name ..amen '
... did an ok job of disguising the obvious . not very creepy , slightly less predictable than expected . but nothing mind blowing . '
im ready 4 you   '
rt   san francisco and san jose projected to lead california out of the recession . but not until 2012 '
rt   feeling bad about your career ? its a good thing :   '
i just took the "what muppet are you ?" quiz and got : rowlf the dog ! try it :   '
save thousands of dollars over many years on cable and satellite bills   '
going to see transformers at imax   '
  you are the people :) '
rt   a imagem do twitter   t ao lado da imagem do twitter   [coincidncia?] '
i'm your lover i'm your friend pusherman by curtis mayfield   ~85bv8 "
blu ray disc , movieq - i like this idea !   '
"pero como coo es maily cirus ?? o jana montana ??!!! tanta bipolaridad junta .. no puedo !" - un amigo via ...   '
ds '
i kind of went a bit mad with tagging people on facebook . oops , they're going to get emails about it . my baaaaad . "
  falando em fake , vc acredita q o meu ganhou vida ? '
  the newest ubertwitter is fresh '
rt   : our dinner guest tonight ... :) xo aj   '
rt   mj pepsi commercial ...this made me smile from ear to ear ... little carlton as mj ... what ???   '
:) re :   '
thx . i agree rt   there's more to passing false belief than theory of mind and more to tom than fb ...my bet is executive functions "
soap box derby winner heading to world championships : from the herald : for alex lemke , the highlight of saturday ..   '
rt   : eyewitness at protests : the acid attacks were real , dumped on protesters from above . (via   ) '
: ..   '
utah fish and game   '
is sleeping in that old abdandoned beach house , getting wasted in the heat . '
more marketers connect with consumers through mobile apps   '
bless him rt :@kingsthings only in lasvegas can you see cher ,bette midler ,britney spears &madonna all in one night & theyre all the same guy '
make money   make money   make money   '
  want me email soo we can talk ?? '
the coq 10 has helped with my fatigue . i usually have problems swallowing vitamins , but the softgel is easy to swallow .   '
  '
: . '
join free   3 ways to make money with zenzuu ! free free free free '
done some of the textures , here's a screenshot of it unfinished ingame :   "
wake up everyone ... i think i'm goin to have a bad day . :-/ "
needs her 8 hours of sleep but why is she still tweeting this late   '
met kate from the apprentice ! '
  plz check out my first vid '
  einfach geil '
don't forget dad !   "
so two scene girls literally stopped and stared at me as i was getting a sub . from outside . even the clerk said it was creepy . '
supermooie stoere driekleur shetland hengst te koop : een supermooie stoere driekleur shetland hengst . is geen stamboek ..   ... '
  ([rep_] )   :     '
rt   : don't miss out on tomorrow's zero gravity wedding aboard our zero g plane !   "
quiero ir al cine y a neuquen :b '
all this hot weather is a great excuse for 2 showers a day ; j'aime les douches . "
rt   : rt   : der bergangsstatus zwischen lol und rofl , sprich kurz vorm umfallen , sieht brigens so aus : \\o\\ '
in piacenza it is 9.33 .08 '
new entry or update wa endangered missing : lindsey j . baum   '
  see you there . '
rt   : menu beta at   seo ,css,jquery,templates,mega-menu,accordion,treeview,solpart upgrade ,etc. free ! '
  my latest design--mini messenger bag with adjustable strap . '
why have i been singing namata songs since ?? lol . gonna continue with my bleach now :) '
lmao rt   : i hate when niggas wear tight shirts n big pants ..u jus gon try 2 get the best of both worlds , huh ?? fuck outta here ! '
just stuffed my face w /some delic ' pei wei seasame chix belly on swoll "
rt   : haha in honor of michael jackson , the nasa channel will be airing mj \'s "best moon walks " .   '
schwerin ist nich marthas vinyard und rex ist nich n kennedy '
any good stories of sneaking onto a private course and playing 18 ? best story gets 1 year free membership !   '
  das geht ja ma gar nicht ^^ meinen rechner htte ich letztens auch ausm fenster werfen knnen boar wie einen das ding aufregen kann '
  i fully understand . just got a call from moh . someone on my monday flight back has h1n1 . i'm self-quarantined ... fun ... "
  go nurse betty !! haha have fun & good luck :) '
rt   : | . . '
lesson learned today : never take what i have for granted . '
  lol i see u likke sayn love u ...u love a lot of people i c '
date night at my house tomorrow ...i'll supply the wine !!         "
who else loves steve jobbs '
i asked for a poppyseed bagel w / veggie creamcheese .. get back to the office & i have an everything bagel w / herb cream cheese ... hhhmmmm '
rt :   : sendo bem sincero ....antes eu tava de brincadeira ...agora srio ....fudeu '
  lmao !! '
  morning babe . '
buienradar meldt dichte mist . in groningen hebben we kilometers zicht ! '
rt   : online multitasking increases bandwidth demand   '
vemma mlm weight loss : how does the low gi diet work ? - best syndication : best syndicationweight loss : ..   '
get's sick and everything just follows along . my nose isn't feeling well , bandage seemed like the correct solution   "
ballerinas via     '
i just attempted to assassinate   , but failed .   '
le tube de l \'t par le trs grand francky vincent (mdr)   "tu veux mon zizi " (baby boom en vu ;o) '
very much on an irish kick today   ~82wan '
rt   the prodigy 2005 hindi dubbed movie watch online   '
whatching "spongebob squarepants " =) '
missed yesterday's daily daley ? here's your chance to right that wrong :   "
algum mais pode falar se minha foto t bonita ? *o* '
whatching night a the museum 2 '
rt aps derrota da seleo americana , ashton kutcher e engole brasileiros no twitter - |   | '
  i thought u're paris hilton ! in your pic ! "
rt   : segn chvez globovisin justifica golpe en honduras '
  va faire un tour aux chiottes pour dormir un peu comme tu en as l'habitude :) "
holy s #$#! made an easy $424/hr. this is totally awesome ! '
new blog post on articles in web you can find it here   '
rt   i officially want to be this girls bff ! her voice is amazing ! -   '
package engineering fachspezialist bei axa winterthur gruppe -   '
'
rt   : excellent interview by on the media's bob garfield of npr ombud re npr's use of bush terms for torture   "
  gestern keine antwort war nicht unhflich , mein internet ist ausgefallen . ps . der steinbrck hat doch genug geld . '
rt   i'm not an alcoholic : symonds # lol ! and i like congress ! "
billy mays now lead trending topic on twitter . '
jumpgate evolution leaked gameplay video :   '
my name is tristan and i am alive ! and laughing at this rt     '
japansk tatoveringssymboler -   '
viendo la clase de yahoo para comprimir css '
buy miami before the luxury real estate market goes up   '
dont you just hate when you grab the locked door at a business . lol . crunchy ! lol '
rt :   no acho que tenham esquecido de farrah fawcett . a morte dela de fato ja era esperada . ja michael , do nada , isso assusta '
starting to read "excuses begone " by wayne dyer   '
  cul es tu grupo y cancin favorita de banda para varios tequilazos ? '
  - twiturmtwitpic power twittertwitteridtwitpic '
  help these kids out . follow us for real time amber alerts . '
  - what ? go to youtube and type in livelavalive you will fall in friggen love . '
[de pe blog ] home : so , i was here preparing my slides for the oral defense of my thesis while listen ..   '
ena si sthla z webu asi 20 psniek , m zaplatit dva miliny dolar   '
rt   don't put your proxy on default ports ! 81 /8080/8181/9090/3128 don't work ! "
rt   : fun shiv fact : i love pudding . love . (vanilla!) '
@ twhitley 13 funfeeti !!!!!!! '
cheap air flights last minute airfare naxos   '
    '
  they're so cool ! aah i haven't read the first twilightbook yet , i'm starting to wonder if i'm the only one left haha x ) "
twitition : google earth to update satellite images of tehran     '
hostal decidido !!!   ^_^ 3000 yens la noche :d '
  sounds shiny ! perhaps you should edge your want into an appearance in the sequel ? i'm sure i'd do a spit take if i saw you in that "
key leaders of honduras military coup trained in u .s.: chris kromm | the head of the air force , gen . luis j ..   '
still not shit '
rt   : d &c promotes online editor to managing editor .   '
beautiful day :) '
rt   : just got laid off after almost 11 years with the company . talk to you all sometime ... so sorry eric ! '
updated theme for cyanogen roms uploaded :   '
new blog post : sfmoma -   '
rt   : how to check currently loaded jquery's version   (via   ) "
heart &stroke deaths rt   : our deadliest killer gets a lot less deadly   '
exeter - car went bang and is now in the middle of dartmoor , at least we've got home . what a day , aa , vehicle removal , at least the sun shone "
    ()   '
birds of a feather ... thenish and billj are separated by six dallions ! who will soar to victory ? check out www .ringorang.com for more ! '
loving our office dog !   '
rt - - is this right with bt : hi everyone , i'm with bt and i'm sick of getting 150 ..   "
  you gettin em !! hitt em with that turkey ! '
  intervention . putain de popculture ... '
cartoon : stalkrs   '
cocinar para disfrutar . :] '
uizard - web based ajax development tool   '
learn more about the technology behind fuze meeting . unlimited hd meetings for free .   '
rt     , we will be tested & people may not like bho's response , who would guessed he meant freedom "
ebay mp3 /music - karaoke 750 songs several discs assorted   '
3 things to remember when choosing lingerie - style , color & fabric . accentuate your assets & minimize imperfections .   '
conspiracy ? just sayin ..rt   : [feed] 50 th straight day ... gas prices up   '
rt   : rt   : why ceos should blog :   '
here's the scoop from   on the death of billy mays -   "
check out : "do you prefer jazz or death metal with your wine ?" (http://twitthis.com/elshuj) '
this is the easiest online money making method i know of :   '
info on the cowboy bebop live action movie :   '
costa rica rain season information : on the caribbean coast , especially south of limn , you can count on rain yea ..   '
teller -20 hrs (3288993) - el paso , tx   '
oh god . i'm still not believing . i'm in shock . mj died . =( "
for all of those who have joined me , congrats ! for those who have not , do it now !! join me at the bar   via   '
  a fellow minnesotan and author of some amazing tweets !! '
360 i social marketing playbook netcrema - creme de la social ...   '
looking forward to dinner '
just made a really good organic blackcurrant cake with home-grown blackcurrants . anyone want some ? i have spare . '
  ha i feel u bout tila she got 2 much time on her damn hands ! '
  upcoming affordable bikini online : padilla is a manufacturer and exporter of swimwear , based ..   '
rt   :   kult prosjekt ! '
rt   : got to leave a message with a rep--very nice person on other end . call--it's easy ...even i can do it ;) "
  oehoauhioeiah me pede pra repitir alguma coisa que ele falo que eu nao vo saber na-da :x '
auhauuhauhhuauauha sensacional .. -   - '
  aaahhhhh dallas ! hopefully i'll be there . "
rt   : if you are in the publishing business , and your ceo is not engaged in social media , your company is toast . '
  yes redjacket 97 '
rt   : billy wilder   '
  hold on sir .... '
macys coupon code treatme : free shipping with $99+ order . ends 6 /15.   '
woohoooo 2 more to go go .oh yeah .. '
rt   : alternative viewing to the obamacare infomercial   '
braiden harvey anti-piracy lawyers lose license to chase pirates : just days after norways data pr ..   '
rt   : rt   she nailed it :   :   blog ...http://bit.ly/gygno // ths explains the confidence ... '
jus got off the bike . spinnin over at agave '
rt   : laut einer studie der e-dialog ist e-mail immer noch der ...   '
power yoga this morning at 10 :30 at beeston hill fitness center in christiansted , st . croix usvi . come join us ! '
  thx for rt . '
doinfg four walks a day is good for the man . he has plenty of fat to lose . wish i could go on the ones with ben . soon i will be off heat . '
check price on watches : citizen jr3155 -54e skyhawk mens watch   '
shaquille o'neal has decided to wear no . 33 with the cleveland cavaliers -   "
lara vincent wants women to embrace their girly side : a friend of lara vincents once described her as sweeter ..   '
falta do que fazer ... '
yes i will be there too . rt   : gonna watch transformers at 10 :50 come join '
pretending you know what you're doing is almost the same as ...   "
my daily twittascope -   '
my may 18 daily thought is posted @ my may 19 daily thought is posted @   '
graas a deus eu no assisto televiso '
big news ! 3 g s pre orders will be arriving at at &t stores starting monday !! '
rt   : rt   : al pueblo de honduras : aqui en mexico nos sobra un presidente legitimo . si quieren se los mandamos '
  i'm following you and saying happy birthday because   told me to . i hope this doesn't make me a birthday present . "
  hey nosy ! lol ... i'm preparing for my 40 th bday . not sure what i'll be doing . it's just a number ... right ? :) "
rt   why did it take an australian to make the movie "the patriot "?telling isn \'t it ? are we willing to fight like that now 4 freedom ? '
blumen fr die 400 . besucherin anne koch   '
good blog post from   on the web feeling the weight jackson news   '
on twitter , a promotion tried to ride iran traffic : by noam cohen note to marketers : twitter may seem like the s ..   '
kamfret lo me ! lo tuh cengeng ! ketawa lama , bisa nangis !! hiahahaha .. rt   :   cengeng lo nga '! ahahhaa ;p "
hottest girl iphone app has been removed from itunes :   [via   ] '
since when did i start going clothes shopping other that out of sheer necessity ? '
  are you up against christian hosoi ? '
caverna do dragao nas rua da ilha (rio)... maneiro !   '
monica : hey . where's joey ? chandler : joey ate my last stick of gum , so i killed him . do you think that was wrong ? "
go ahead haters . my inner show choir geek will destroy you in ruffles and dyed-to-match shoes with an acapella ...   ~8tzhd '
  ela me da morall rum sapoksopakposakpos " '
  - david - interesting article , fyi : rt   jews look to twitter to rediscover jewish identity   '
eu wants world aviation blacklist - bbc news : euronewseu wants world aviation blacklistbbc newsmost of the passe ..   '
strength doesn't lie in numbers , strength doesn't lie in wealth . strength lies in nights of peaceful slumber ; when you wake up , wake up ! "
new blog post : want to see zachary quinto host snl ?   '
abiding '
  uf qu dicha q siempre madrugo ! (6.30am ando x aqu ) =) '
rt   : rt   : i am beginning to think this hate campaign against ie6 has gone too far -   lol '
egrants v2 menu   '
er , *everyone '
chinese guy comments on chris brown hitting rihanna   lol best video evar '
longhorns beat tigers 5 -1, play wednesday for national -   '
10 absolute nos ! for freelancers   '
hey l @@k at my hot phots i posted   (must register first please ) '
video : be a good do it yourself designer   '
  dude you woof a lot let me sleep prrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr '
iranians & those who want to help - use tor   '
my daily twittascope -   '
  y el cognac con sinatra de fondo , o no ? '
[hf][rs][mu][ul]find serial /crack without going to spm web   '
another glimpse of the morocco i want to see with my own eyes |   | henna body art '
o curioso caso de benjamin button . o filme um lio de vida , cheguei a achar que pessoas com corao de pedra no choravam , estava errada . '
my dudes , the gift of pleasure needs no holiday . and to my ladies cum feel the music w /ohmibod ->   (plz rt ) '
if the rain holds off , we're going to picnic in the park this weekend . cute picnic baskets :   "
  yer right , i haven't , but i loved the song ? "
  i absefukinglutely , '
rt   : photo of the day smoky trees , border of brazil and bolivia   '
preston lowe is on the air now :   '
visual search check out expertclick at spezify .com   #/expertclick '
i'm waiting for my epic adventure to take off . i'm just not sure when or how it will happen but i need it ! "
  then it is all good ...but you should have taken pics :p '
opeth still day beneath the sun   '
and lastly ... my doctors name , no joke , is doctor rad . i shit you not . i am in good hands .   has been so awesome to stay here . '
red sox fans are thrilled due to wins & nyy journalists mauling the underpaid ny yankees . lol   &   '
trst   '
lawdy aint no reason for all this fineness-ness-ness to be all in one social network '
  '
genial ! caral es patrimonio cultural d humanidad   '
  i did that plus a nap lol '
rt :   : rt   :       --- '
this seems unnecessarily complicated :   '
1 point for   :) '
down 30 pounds and re-evaluating workout - weight loss forum   '
  '
tvhttp ://bit.ly/px3nh '
    - omg she needs to laminate that and keep it with her at all times '
seems all the repairmen are father & it's why it's hard to find any service persons on the father's day or its eve ... "
animated backgrounds .   '
rt   : a new charge of malpractice against va hospital - philadelphia inquirer   '
rt   rt   try typing ur twitter name . rt   : this is crazy amazing !   '
rt   sources close to mousavi : today's rally will go on as scheduled regardless of govmt permission death to dictator "
      and   rippin it ! '
sovereigns , eagles & bars : my adventures in buying gold - daily kos   '
new blog post : my cheerleading picture ?*picture included *?   '
no post title '
actually she asked for crab ah goo '
a notable retirement : annadon sage of eugene wants to get up on thursday mornings , read the paper with her coffe ..   '
  yeahh , 3 wks and counting . hopefully only one more week ! we'll see . i want out of the hospital ! :) "
heeeeeeeeey !!!!!!!! i'm bored :( oh well i always am . "
    - way too cool ...damn '
- translating persian to english - this is great ! hope =   '
my movie on the ...the jacksons '
gsdx v0 .1.15 r .1442 28.06 .09 (updated every hour )   '
  her hd crashed i'm fillin the gap ! "
this is very beautiful news !   far vox are officially done ! now for decorating this crazy cake . '
  thanks for the rt ! '
here we go ... www .derbydolls.com/la/webcast '
: the sarah connor chronicles exec teases future shocks that were to come   '
rt   : embi bo ...kaga mau udahan pula ..@davehendrik hahahhahahaha ...sesuai lagu ya bo ...pada hari minggu kuturut ayah ke kota ..n ... '
rt   : rt   : a pizza with the radius "z" and thickness "a" has the volume pi *z*z*a (let\'s trend this puppy !) (via   ) '
apple iphone 3 g 16 gb (white) 3.0 , no contract !: us $282.77 (25 bids ) end date : saturday jun -27-2009 4 :32:01 pdtb ..   '
new @ da viking hus : tuesday tip jar   '
this is bad ! rt   : rt   :   german parliament approved censorship law . english blogpost will follow later . '
my father emailed me ! they are alive ! oh thanks god ! he sent me this link to my brother's university   "
rt   nokia powering up self-charging cell phone   '
drive out to the woods give them a bottle of water and a compass ...and viola ! rt   : promised kids an adventure . now what .... '
rt   pirate bay sold to software company .   there goes the neighbourhood . '
  this cheese is so good . even running red lights it's good . "
pr : let freedom ring in juneau for the 4 th of july   '
  it's a good random . not a annoying bad random :) "
{damn, tweet safely people !} rt   teen dies while twittering in the tub :   '
rt   listos para ?. recien se abrieron 5 nuevos cupos para el evento de esta noche , rsvp en bit .ly/6fn1x '
rt   : rt   : 10 tips that can help you get indexed in quickly   '
in the momz job went on the computer when she is not lookng lolz funni rite love her to deatth '
went on a field trip picking blueberries today :   '
houseradio is now playing : curtis mayfield - if theres hell below were all going to go (maurice joshu ..   '
rt   : shock ! nytimes poll showing 72 % support obamacare stacked with obama supporters .   '
rt :   : ......// cx '
i just interrogated a captured agent .   '
  yikes !!!! i'm signed to sony atv ! "
need to be put 24 /7 to hear some of this music , lol . tight ! "the roots = how i got over " => rt     higo '
simple way to double your income or better   '
okok beddddddddddd time [= '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   i love the internet . it's so cool to think i'm collaborating on the project with 32 people i've never met "
achieved level 10   '
  - lily thai hardcore . an other perfomance from lily '
rt     mindset strategy : when you focus on yourself & pay attention to what you say ,think&doyouare mastering your reality '
rt   : 100 incredible lectures from the worlds top scientists | best colleges online   (via   ) '
13 killed in gas tankers explosion in italy -   '
twilight's peter facinelli needs our help ! (e! online ): e ! online - why did peter facinelli send me an email ?   "
aul : the plan for legit blu-ray copies explained at engadget hd : for those with a disc rack full of blu-ray ..   '
i love this song   '
i made my deadline , painting is off to the framers . i can relax a little now . i can now work on the book i'm planning out "
i want demi's clothes !!!!!!! "
best sellers jobless recovery (paperback) recently tagged "novel": jobless recovery (paperback)by l ...   '
oh god . envelope glue tastes liikke ___ sick !!! oh god . puking time !! '
blog related : web content , keyword , seo articles e-books , blogs - elance : various articles regardin ..   '
waiting . '
always liked the view walking back home   '
rt   award-winning windows registry cleaner , free scan , see   '
reading : housing chart of the day   '
  sounds nice ! '
find my iphone ajuda usurio a recuperar seu aparelho -   '
mixed signals as palestinian unity talks resume in cairo (roundup) - monsters and critics .com   '
rt   : this is a nice example of blogging during a webinar   '
rt   : physicist create black hole for sound . a perfect venue for the next david hasselhoff concert .   whahey '
bad news bears limp bizkit   '
sln is watch the lro mission live via   . '
researching if does allow us to post updates offline   '
rt :   : qo100qo25qo1qo   '
want to ease into the writing business with a sweet , little specialty ?   '
rt :   a man was arrested in dallas , texas , when police found a casket in his van filled with 100 pounds of marijuana . '
new blog post : how do i get the best deal on a mortgage ? what kind of questions should i be asking the mortgage broker ?   '
rt   :   celtics nba championship trophy ! we had so much fun in office 2 day . thanks , celtics ticket office !! '
rt nina :)   - club tropicana (drinks aren't free ) <<< enjoyin our hard stuff :p "
rt   a spokesman 4 the guardian council said that ahmadinejads vote total has been revised upwards after the recount . '
read former iran deputy prime minister mohsen sazegara : "you won but you can \'t be president .."   '
sun valley is : hot , green , and b-e-a-utiful ! '
che los trends de twitter se actualizan mucho ms rpido que google news '
lol . ariza got steam roll'd . "
  i'll go with you . "
rt   : 9 of 10 couples disagree on mattress firmness & 23 % of couples sleep apart b /c of such disagreements . sleep number bed ! '
moments of gaza : update from the egy crossing :   '
mark joyner , also known as the "godfather of internet marketing ," is passing the internet marketing torch . cli .gs/stapyy '
the nike experiment ...   '
  didn't take long for the attitude to spread :   "
rt   twitter online system is live @   and it's already selling like crazy "
man it is super hot outside foreal .that make you wanna go to church hot because you dont wanna know what hell feels like lol '
rt   : medical examiner orders additional testing done to determine how michael jackson died   '
  absolutely .. you are a wonderful influence on all you meet , sasha . *hugs* '
anyone know if i can get files off a duff memory stick ? '
enjoyed the last day in s .f. at the golden gate bridge , sausalito and twin peaks :   now heading to up ! '
madoff made off with lots of money and gets 150 years for his crimes   '
whose cat ? poor thing ..rt   : forgot signature rt   yikes ! funny man ! rt   ... '
court date : gm seeks new start , faces union fight   $gmgmq '
  lady gaga .cd.=p (-33-) '
pay homage to jackson , greatest coach of all time - foxsports .com miamiherald .compay homage to jackson , greatest coach ..   '
my daily twittascope -   '
i just wounded   in an assassination attempt .   '
  with you lock thing on in twitter , if i write somethng like "man i am way overdue for a wax " others can \'t read it right ? '
  they have a great pinot noir ! mixed with a tuscan kind of grapes , right ? '
says blaaaag mode ..ily all   '
rt   the rather special timothy carroll supports paul dempsey @ the troub tomorrow night . awwwwwww yeeeeeeah ! '
financial overhaul beefs up oversight   '
i'm better now .... :) "
date-check new york   '
tfi is going green in 3 days ! for all the details go to   private message us for media accreditation for the june 18 th event ! '
  good luck brother , stay safe and i hope that was a single incident . '
unloud book launch , fri 19 th june at the site gallery . features film , rgap publications and response from us . more here :   '
moyume - female time stockholm 16 june 2009   '
selbstgnger : denvernuggets .com wird auf die nba bertragen . -   '
friooooo que no passa '
finally got this new dance pad installed so i can play stepmania on my pc .... how i long for the days of plug and play ! '
find a retirement facility & give 'em a call . ask activities director 2 intro u 2 a resident who'd want a visit .   "
bored ... wonder what all my friends are up to ... '
no this is not a mugshot of a meth-addled street walker , but kristen stewart as joan jett in "the runaways " [cool]   '
  mais um presente pra ti ,   hahaha '
post , a milestone . what works . lets-talk-business   '
rt   : "damn what the gay dude say about mike ? y everyone cussin him out ?" <--im tryna figure that out too '
free interview magazine 1 year subscription | new post   '
monitor your blood sugar and insulin coverage on our free blood sugar log .   '
on air start   '
  no idea why buttttttttttttt   '
great to   '
rt   : don't forget that tonight is the night for facebook url registration for fan pages with less than 1,000 fans . go get em ! "
rt   : i got list of sites the regime have blocked ! they dont want us seeing ! novitv .com, tarnama .org, will post more '
what are some other unique baby names ? -   '
rt   : list of 12 cities to find really good-looking locals   '
  guess that depends ...was it lucky for you yesterday ? '
  :) ive been counting down the hours . what do you think ...black or white ? im leaning towards white . '
are you really ready for the new iphone 3 g s ? find out !   , lol , i scored 100 % '
  chocolote bom hein ...hahaha' xd "
14 yo girl crashes cousin car into day car center . is it her fault , her cousin or her parents ?   '
'
quiznos is way overrated and overpriced ! '
desperte con ganas de ska y asi mientras voy saltando mi cabello se seca '
rt   fever looks really good :   take a look of it ! '
happy happy tenth ! :) '
o   we're been threatened with broken ankles if we don't play until 9 pm . this is show business people ! "
rt   : urgent -- israeli pm netanyahu says it will not build new settlements and would accept a demilitarized palestinian state . '
i will be blasting i want you back all the way home . rip mj . '
more '
hit the beach with these accessories   at max and chloe '
meet the ferrari of twitter friend adder and promotion software !   '
wake up !!!! all you lazy asses its time to twittle !!!!!! '
gonna try to get some sleep _ _ _ night tweets * '
  '
rt   that kid is crazy '
  thanks for the rt ! '
rt   : nuevo show de salvador nasrallahttp ://bit.ly/anygi '
  ummm   ....they need comments '
i wonder how many people are eating cornflakes at this moment ;-) '
cool little paper pinhole camera -   '
listening to "when the saints go marching in - you can \'t beat experience jazz band "   ~88v6r '
waiting for the driver . heading over to shang in a bit . *my tweetdeck isn't working . why o why ?!* "
rt   : stop hating : jon and kate owe it to humanity to sleep around because they're so fucking fertile . "
my daily twittascope -   '
ricky barnes continues to play well   '
search overload ?! haha love that commercial ! '
litefoot \'s hot new music video - "i\'mma problem " premieres july 15 th at www .youtube.com/litefoot buy relentless pursuit @ www .litefoot.com rt '
michael jackson - rock with you   '
rt   : rt @ _sus_ha ha rt   : lots of mj on the radio today . thank fuck celine dion didn't die . "
  here ya go   '
ro tajo ./ lv - la verdad (albacete)   '
@ marcyschwartz rt   11 excellent sites help you to find new twitters   --share:   '
loan modification michigan , loan modification california , loan ...   '
  yea i have never been so im excite !! '
    it says registered 29.04 .2007 where does it say last login ? bladow '
you know how i know you're gay ? (.gif)   "
xbox live : ag3nt xx z3r0 is currently online . playing terminator salvation . single player l .a. 2016 . (xbox live nation ) '
ja tava na hora '
,   '
me-i got a dirty mind vernon-clean it up with orbit hahahahaha . my baby cracks me up (: '
lunch is served from 11 am to 4 :30pm - call 593 -7288 for reservations or just walk-in '
rt   : on : the map is not the territory , the technology is not the enterprise - enterprise is social first , then technical '
i earned a of "c-". after all these years ... still an under achiever .   '
  good morning ! you wonderful twittering star . '
rt : telegraph : violence flares again on the streets of tehran   '
rt   : in case u missed , swoop that 'sweatpants money ' mixtape while the gettin is good   !!! "
socal-hrjobs los ang ===hr manager +++ (orange county ): a very stable and growing company has ..   '
  acho que eu tambm nao . foi uma noite divertida . :-d '
  ! '
driving home '
have you ever looked at a picture and stared at it ? '
brewster mcracken , john boehner , david buttross , and kinky freedman ? really ? '
bereits 25 alpha anmeldungen ! '
what happens if you cut media spending ?   '
is rocking the blue fox tonight . '
says research modehttp ://www.laymark.com/i/m/m198.gif   '
'
kat ve ip sanat : kat ve ip kat sanat demi yapan amerikal &#..   '
derrick van dyke is giving away his list-building software for free at   '
check out my blog 4 dior lip polish review & heads-up on a free offer from benefit !   '
damn i just heard l .a. can't afford a lakers parade . wtf !!!!!!!!!! "
  -   mooie race ! '
gearing up for the 12 :17 p .m. webcast . our meterologist will give us an update on the flash flooding   '
enjoying a peaceful day at the office . '
rt   : failure is an event not a person . take heart--yesterday ended last night . (via   ) '
  tell scott i said , "scott go fuck grace ?" haha xd psht you better feel me ? haha '
rt :whhyyyy the hell do adults type /txt/tweet, like this ..what are you twelve ?@shadcharleston <-- so true , and annoying ! '
talentedent .com.....my website is up and running '
added final fantasy xi online , final fantasy vii , and metroid prime 2 : echoes to their game list   '
  doesn't matter this new house is ten times better , along the lines of that first house i had with the girls back in the day "
  - '
  i can help with allentown and philly and possibly jersey &lt;3 '
rt   :   curtis granderson supports pay it 4 ward -and you should too ! join the cause here :   '
  try it , it's better than youtube "
cajasur reformar la sala de reyes catlicos para dinamizar su ... - abc .es   '
  make sure they are not twitter scammers /spammers '
my daily twittascope -   '
luxury is shrinking   '
rt   : humility is the beginning of true intelligence-john calvin '
time to memorize this anniversary waltz . sigh . can you say , waste of time ? '
rt     '
reducing myself to a twitter . '
  yeap definitely !im literally thinking to create a new formed language only a few can understand .. "ti too ,too ti , ti ti too " :p '
off to return *way* overdue library loot . : ( '
rt   : 10 most influential tech products of all-time   - great list . '
30 jahre walkman   '
new blog post : shields puts le and his belt on blast   '
i'm tired , but i don't want to go to sleep yet . maybe i'll watch some jim lehrer or whatever it's called . "
rt     : madoff sentenced to 150 years   '
chillin '
headache '
new exl rundown discusses "a morons challenge "   '
rt   :al gore ~inventor of internet & global warming reaped these rewards : oscar-nobel prize ~cap & trade w / resulting $billions '
bath news : search for woman stab victim   '
rt   wow ! bday bash tickets up for grabs right now ! 404 -741-1079! young jeezy headlining this saturday !! '
whoa momma can this really be the end . to be stuck inside of mobile with the memphis blues again . '
hellotxtwww .digusync.com   htt ..       '
[http://bit.ly/pweeo ] '
guid-un verbod nertsenfokkerij aangenomen : (novum) - de tweede kamer heeft dinsdag ingestemd met een voor ..   '
i'm being privately coached by an online multi-millionaire . are you ?   "
rt   take this site down   '
admin assistant iv (emeryville, ca )   '
sc2 battlereport #3. protoss won :d   '
jus had a nice date wit "mr"...lol! now we \'re watchin fun with dick and jane ... '
gang green nation >> running back gets contract   '
  aw . i saw that one back in the 90 s when i was all about some jeff . lol . '
the best decision i made in the past 3 months   '
rt   hospitals arnd tehran surrounded by police refusing 2 let ppl w /injuries get through , humanity at its worst '
i heard this song in paris 18 years ago and loved it   ~8pa3o '
    '
great wall of facebook : the social network's plan to dominate the internet &mdash; and keep google out -   "
  u can't prey on me silly girl i wear necklaces made of garlic and perfume made of holy water . bahahhhaahah "
  thats awesome !! congrats on the win !!! not a surprise after the work you create :) '
la nueva versin de firefox saldr hoy : la primera vez que use firefox no pude ver una gran maravilla pero a med ..   '
rt   : german authorities warn - signs h1n1 swine flu virus started to mutate ;   >> scary '
check this one out   jonas brother :) '
  a fernanda young , claro ! deveria ser espancando fernanda young ...chata pra c *ralho! '
protest gegen hunde-regeln in dornbirn : die hundefreunde sind mit der neuen hundeverordnung von dornbirn ni ..   '
  : yeah , she is pretty . real fish ? '
australian food icon , vegemite , gets smoother , cheesy makeover ...   '
please rt functioning iran proxies 218.128 .112.18:8080 218.206 .94.132:808 218.253 .65.99:808 219.50 .16.70:8080 (via   ) '
project engineer - aquastore ca , inc . - ca - torrance (http://tinyurl.com/n6affd) careerbuilder '
badges finally arrived . got two . . . will get the third by today , '
chutei o pau da barraca , comprei laxante ! '
do you even know where the radio station is ? i do ! listen for new ish coming soon ! grizzly ! '
wow i'm really sad over mike i didn't think i would feel this way "
rt   : hashtags ! failwhale ! sarney '
rt   : rt   3 shirts to give away today , rt this to enter . '
conference table (glynlea park ): free curb alert .. the table is at least 6 ft long , dark wood finish (la..   '
rt   breaking : apple's steve jobs had liver transplant ; returning to work in days -   "
"the promise of living " from copland \'s tenderland   ~8u6eb '
  email form on the contact page doesn't work with either safari or firefox for mac or at least not on mine . trcking ur email "
rt   : im tight . and pissed . and angry . and disturbed . and mad . im out .watsz wrong '
rt   : something in ur internal dialogue is holding u back if u don't have the results u want "
  '
tealdaisy thank you !!! love your "sweet jungle beaded necklace flowers leafs "   '
    - love yaaaa bitches :) '
rt   : hartford symphony takes music to the outdoors at the simsbury meadows - examiner .com   '
registered sex offender   48198 48106 '
post : 3000 ipredator pirate bay   '
vampires : off the big screen | paranormalknowledge .com   '
today's classifieds post your free ads at our classified adboard massive exposure opportunities !   "
rt   : rt   fyi frequent updates from inside the crisis in iran coming from   '
rt   what is described as a passport photo of neda   '
rt   : bumpin can't knock the hustle ... jay and mjb ... seriously one of it not the smoothest shit ever !! "
achieved level 3   '
check out overfollow , a brand new following service ! safely and easily increase your followers .   '
true ! dh &i alt ev 4 days rt     i'm not a fan of bath night either . that day of the month is always difficult . "
  dijo que si ira a la reta .   es funcionario de casilla xd ... no ira '
2009 - ich war dabei :-) bilder gibts hier :   '
"busted is just a state of mind " '
tomatocasual take a tomato quiz   '
so touching /cute/sweet/nice/motivating/etcetc.!   '
1 kfollowers .net is the best website out to gain more followers :   '
man wall : nagging girlfriend not included [home entertainment ] : if you still don't know what you're getting dad ..   "
  '
  aww . you're a student though , you must have emergency pot noodle rations , right ? "
in a quiet moment , remembering my father :   '
i love the colours ! and the poznan .   '
rt   lovely ! elaine bleakney has some poems in the new issue of action yes :   '
  you raged , as did devildriver before you . props for being able to hang with their killer performance '
  okay you probably dont sounnnd like her but personnality wise bubbles is like an exagerated versionn of you lol righhhhh ? '
will someoneeee take me toooo the bliiiink concerrrrrrt , !? =d '
wwe news : laurinaitis comments on misawa &#8217;s death   '
rt   : %%   '
[gnn]     '
sidewalk repairs revised : the metrapark moat will remain . workers replacing a sidewalk in front of the box offic ..   '
adsense ya permite elegir el tamao de la tipografa de los anuncios   '
schiphol-amsterdam centraal /enkhuizen/hilversum/leiden centraal /lelystad centrum /utrecht centraal vrijdag 26 jun ..   '
  i hope so =( lol '
beers at city beverage . that's   goatee in the background .   "
fastcupid affiliate program details   '
novo : participe do jornal da pajuara manh :   '
  lookin at ya vitamin quote ..gay mannerisms ?! lol might as well &not play w /others,2claps 4 advice 2 those n dat catergory '
wszystkim ;) '
activists utilize twitter , web tricks to sidestep blocks   '
armindo arajo a caminho de itlia para longa sesso de testes ..   '
advertising & marketing a startup ...a bad idea ? for true startups , the money could typically be better spent .   '
thanks for that tweet . nearly 4 yrs later & still nola struggles rt   abandoned : six flags new orleans   photos '
i just took the "what jonas brothers song are you ?" quiz and got : lovebug ! try it :   '
retail store management - va - virginia beach - cvs - virginia beach , va   '
get 100 followers a day using   '
true blood season 2 = hot !.   '
rt   : lecture re   /   in sonica :post starting in about an hour , felix thorn will also be presenting his work '
how to increase page rank and build link popularity -   '
oops ...corrected name - rt   recruiter /hr advice : how to avoid the arrogance of supply :   '
rt   : ok guys , this is huge . my interview with     '
todo dia dia , minha gente ...talvez hoje seja o menos "confortvel". '
omg check out this site thats getting me 1000 s of followers a day , it actually works unlike other sites :   '
  so pumped . '
today is pretty ;) '
report confirms liink between exhibit industry and digital marketing :   '
rt   : trop bon , de grands malades :   -&gt; y'a quand mme des timbrs !! "
oh btw good morning :) '
rt   "lasting satisfaction with ourselves doesn \'t come from our accomplishments , it comes from understanding our true nature ." '
sunset views of false crk /english bay -1500 hornby (downtown false creek ) $2100 2 bd   '
braving the east side to visit a friend . '
i made this for ana anihilation && her youtube contest .:)   '
ser que o   antecipou a greve do buso ? '
  thanks cathy ! '
hhaha   '
reading : opinion : plan it as a watershed   '
bed time ! '
rt   : wow travis barker is back ! just rocked it wit jamie foxx '
regina spektor d fome , ou eu j digeri o lamen ? '
  i guess ians '
reporting (life): 500 -600/day: south east : my client a mid tier life insurer is looking for a part qualified ..   '
points 2 shop , amazing and free paid to click site , pays an amazing $1/ref str 8 2 paypal   '
rt   : rt   : rt   as long as the wickets r holding , i dont mind the run rate . but runs r important no ?? '
i recommend checking out dave gunning   '
...are you all whereing a piece of green clothing every day this week untill they settle this in iran ? i am ............ '
  have you been verified ? is this the real john mayer ?   '
rt   : oye cluj : n seara asta de la ora 19.00   , cltite pentru via :   '
rt @ brianpatrick 86 : ever wondered what kobe wud look like if he wasn't an arrogant jerk ? 2 pac w /o tattoos n   "
umpteen possibilities on p2p applications . sharing : opera unite reinvents the web   '
bicentennial minutes--that's one of the few things i remember about the '70's.   "
silver bullion news how to choose reputable silver bullion dealer . interesting ...: how to ..   '
curt @!n$ - the great adventures of dope boy c : dope for president [mixtape]   '
craves for steamboat !! yumzz -   '
acabei de assistir o programa ao , com matria sobre o insituto ana rosa (http://www.anarosa.org.br), que existe desde 1874 . '
  explcales que s , pero que por unos pequeos problemas tcnicos , la conexin de datos en vez de craneal la han puesto anal . xddd '
follow friday soup   '
rt   great post from seth godin about taking care of 100 vs . yelling at 1000 s with social media for marketing .   '
aren't we a ray of sunshine ?! i feel behind already . thanks ! rt   : christmas is exactly 6 months away . "
i love you mommy but u cant make fun of me anymor bout miley ,taylor or gretchen cuz ur as crazy as me when it cums 2 nkotb ! love ya ! '
san carlos city manager holds talk on tax measures -   '
  hahaha , oh you sissssy . i bet you were dancing and singing to all the songs huh '
nice graphic comparison twitter v facebook via     '
heading to the second mile golf classic this in state college , pa . one of my favorite events .   '
rt   : "only in the hood does a dude post on the corner playing an accordian for money   " not in my hood '
always find a way to share light in this world , it s worth it . '
divas can shop at thrift stores , too   '
rt   just graduated baby ! - congratulations fam . '
you can fit a bag of chicken pellets into an mx5 '
  - me and aimee '
despite programs , stabilzing housing market may prove ...     '
i'm off to some meetings , got to get ready to leave ... ^ steph "
pn : from social marketing to social media     '
rt   : who would you become if you were able to discover how to allow it ? [ myself only better ! ;-) ] '
could someone help me ? i don ' know how to make a status with '@'s :(( "
rt   : un chief ban ki-moon expresses "dismay" @ force vs civilians in iran   i \'m more than "dismayed" '
me agurro ' "
  think i'm staying at home , call me if you go out . "
  you're in town again ?!? "
  one of my favourite places in antigua ! '
  - after . not bad for an amature . '
* **!* *!**?4? &lt;h????dpz b ????&lt;|7??d '
  that is true ..but i'm sure i can think of a few smaller things :-) "
and no , the pirates wont be making it a pitt 3 peat '
scott kalitta   '
feels that fridays should be wfh days hehe   '
  -   haltungsnote 1 =) '
nice ... rt   : combining with using -   '
check me out at [url=http://ashliephotography.com/blog]ashphotography[/url]. '
rt   : jewelry to benefit homeless pets in my etsy shop . 1 /2 of all purchases go to   :   '
i must admit this works - got some decent people to follow that are actually relevant -   added +20 ppl ! '
  hope ur having fun !! =) be safe loves !!   '
this is how im feeling today yall   '
  nice move brother ! dats what i'm talkin about . i might be in abq for the hot air balloon festival "
hey 619 peeps . seriously considering catching a plane there tonight thru monday . anything going on ? '
lol look @ trends &gt;&gt;&gt; last one is "twugs" lol that \'s such a weird word lololol (needs to stop drinking yoohoo ) '
[386865] video plays at 4 x speed : affects status importance assignedto bug watch totem new undecide ..   '
rt   please block this troll   violating twitter rules "may not publish /post direct /specific threats of viol ... '
new comic -   if only these didn't seem like such a chore now that i have a real comic idea ... "
woohoooo !! rt :   final score lsu 14 ark 5 . tigers advance to the championship series monday against either texas or asu . '
new blog post : tv news - 6 /19/09   '
tournament to raise money for former decatur man's sons , girlfriend   "
  lol , xx '
only 9 days to go !!!! heres a taste of blur   can not wait '
rt   : vendo bateria marca jugs , el precio varia de 3000 a 13000 depende si quieren todo lo que le he metido , parches , .... '
health care reforms moment arrives again - nytimes .com   '
k-stew sings and we have proof !!! -   '
  - yay summer and lolita ! i love my anna house dress . '
  check this out !   '
    - omg !!..what happens if u lose a little piece ?!.. *__* '
let get it (pause) 1 st round on me__ >rt   : 3 bbqs down ... now staring at my bed ... need to man up for questo party ... '
get 100 followers a day using   '
the value of outstanding web development and the influence your ...: they provide excellent web design services ..   '
  haha oh yeah ! yes   there will be four of us ! '
[news update ] beejive im aim push notification =>   '
former minutemen member held in killing   '
today's sunset pics uploaded :   and   "
i am going to get to play with some fun stuff in the lab ! '
rt vote for aeyelle at   :d thanks '
rt   six big problems with training and development : a failure to identify the specific needs of ..   '
trying to get my twitter back on ...:-) '
new blog post : mesothelioma attorney ohio   '
  ?http://bit.ly/1vcjj '
marvelous   '
lol of the day ! keeping with the confed cup theme !   '
new blog post : thailand   '
stanford in us court friday in massive fraud case   '
rt   galera ! # forasarney est em 12 lugar !!! vamo twittar !!!   '
  hey paige ..havent talked in like what 2 weeks ? '
  been doing that but after some light panning and zooming it freaks out . thanks but this iphones been doing strange things lately '
  damn , my bad ! '
rt   : pretty sweet first "find my iphone " succes story   (via bright ) '
rt : urgent please retweet   is a government agent leaking protester names -- block him ! rt '
spa claims specialist - officeteam - memphis , tn   '
rt   : today at 3 :45,   discussing the future of the ad agency and impact of ad networks , at advertising 2.0 '
buscando trabajo en redes sociales : facebook , twitter y linkedin :   '
  - my dancing shoes . '
pearls of wisdom from someone old enough to listen to (blessings2you)   '
basementmixbirthday sex   with   !!!   please rt '
er '
no vote in house from left explains rt   dennis kucinich lays out why he voted against clean energy act   '
  - '
test ? '
    - omg ! demi you are soo pretty !! '
ready to see dem dallas cowboys -- im puttin ' some $$ down this year "
this mailchimp how-to webinar is helpful but giving me flashbacks again . this time i'm in ariba and commerceone consultant training . yikes ! "
just joined a twibe . visit   to join '
happy fathers day to all the single moms like me playing two roles . '
the point of them being wrestlers is so that they can fight instead of always talking shit ... its what they do !! we want the matches !!!!! '
oh kiss me , like you mean it . like you miss me . 'cause i know that you do . "
new episode of soulshadows . about a ventriloquist . listen here :   '
  dan , you can read it , por favor babe . i need to you read ! :')   "
[hotels] ronaldo loses interest , dumps hilton   '
trying to get everything in order regarding my emigration to suriname . this weekend i am taking it easy '
  (kj)   '
wtf wtf wtf , noooo way !!! rt   wow , so now apparently miley cyrus is dead ??? wtf is going on ??   '
just checked out vidzone on ps3 and watched some classis music vids '
  rt_ guy rapes 4 -year-old, gets one year in prison . awesome .   - wtf ?????? '
  just realized you already threw me your number via facebook . good look . '
rwe zeichnet kulturelle lehrlingsprojekte aus : der rwe-konzern zeichnete gestern abend fnf kulturelle ausbildun ..   '
here \'s a peek @ such brazilian soaps .an example of hw "the evil lives after you , the good is oft interred with the bones "   '
  good morning bff '
solidarity with iran   '
green is my favorite color . go iran ! democrosize ! '
  yeah , not likely . i didn't venture into an entire section of our backyard for months after a dead , maggoty skunk was discovered . "
moob ops on the up in scotland   '
2,165,330,123 + tweets and counting . current tweet rate , 123 tweets per second . cool =)   '
rt   wrestling widgets and losing . that's widgets , not midgets . i could totally take a midget in wrestling . "
ke : decyzja microsoftu nie satysfakcjonujca -   '
rt :     no tenho nada em mente para projetos em 2010 . mentira que eu vou entrar em estdio ... '
get your new 2009 ecsc t-shirts on sale now .   '
at home wondering where my life is . '
(pls rt ) 6 - : 62006 sk-ii ..   '
rt   : feds ' top pot researcher says marijuana should be legal   "
underwriter-goverment loans - minneapolis , mn - minneapolis , mn   '
  '
in the beginning , your mind will wander . it will take you some time to realize that it has wandered and you have lost focus '
rt   oral sex is always a great last minute gift idea . ayyeee . word that's how u feel "
  -   's poker face "
rumor : intel to release six core nehalem in 2009 : file this one under unconfirmed , but word on the web is that i ..   '
craving something good to eat :( '
is fuming . '
rt   : looking for work in atlanta ? have client looking for consultant re : lotus notes /domino system admin . dm   4 info '
an argument over mj and kanye :   '
    '
  '
  sure thing babe . '
rt now !   is giving away a 32 gb iphone 3 g s !   '
ap interview : sc 1 st lady told him to stop affair -   - the saga continues .. glad she's not rolling over .. how tough .. "
amazing dinner prepared from scrath by my dad for my little sisters birthday . garcia is in town - great night ! '
  ich lese (im tagesablauf ) facebook hufiger als den archivalia rss-feed . '
latest news : construction set to begin : the sidewalk construction project along s .e. california aven ..   '
my daily twittascope -   '
  lol '
  - cont .... movies - they carry swords . and , "there can be only one highlander '
  yes it's a tapas lounge .   "
weeehoooo !!! adam rawks ! rt   adam lambert   finally on twitter !   '
news : the fastest way to update twitter and facebook from your iphone   '
anunciada segunda temporada de asua cryin :   -luffink '
"feel free to prosper in two weeks " creator marilyn jenett signs ...   '
jakarta ?! i'm c0ming ! "
amazing group of feminists today ! go ks now ! thanks to all of you ! '
boss off sick , afternoon trip into town planned , bring on the beers and the weekend ! '
google shares its methods to speed up the web . -- rt from   "milliseconds matter "   '
  i need your help - please join my mob !   '
lakers about to ron browz the situation and pop champagne   '
  500 followers a day http :autotweeting.com '
re ...rs740m01... '
at wbls ..... gvb '
yea ...i'm   but really ...was there any doubt ? "
how simple is too simple ? how much is too much ? good stuff (as always ) via   - 'the price of interaction '   "
  what denomination ? '
rt   : when rting iranian users , omit usernames -- just say "rt from iran ". iran gov . is watching . spread the word . '
sippin whiskey at dougherty's pub "
rt basiji beats 7 year-old boy in tehran (youtube)   '
all my tweets hit me up on yim kenie 8 ... '
  hum no tem problema .... ..., hehehe '
06 /27 19 :17: / (uicy-6304)   '
  - do you remember why they broke up in the first place ? '
lots of laundry and packing to do tonight for my and   departure to atlanta on wednesday ! "
why ? because i didn't put myself in a lane of oncoming traffic or slam on the brakes and harm myself ? then she rode my bumper ! "
  crime no 1 mundo : jovens de estocolmo matam colegas por motivo ftil . dois casos recentes . '
pens trend ? its really sad that apple's new tablet cost's $1,299.. so sad   "
rt   : female remains in massachusetts 1974 / rt plz   '
i just wounded   in an assassination attempt .   '
getting ready for work tomorrow ! working 2 jobs is gonna be tough but worth it ! '
  testing uploading an image on twitter '
san diego jobs mgr programs 3 - northrop grumman - san diego , ca : where technology and teamwork co ..   '
arsenal right back emmanuel eboue wants a move abroad if he doesn't play more first team football . "
megan fox vn nng bng nht th gii   '
  here's a screen grab .   "
brcenas se convierte en un escndalo para el pp , con el caso ya ... - diario de navarra   '
  . stop loving sushi so much . half my updates are about you and sushi . i'm seriously beginning to rethink this friendship . "
gucp removed , gif :   '
via   : we just found out that our latest cache won for "new or unique innovations " in the annual geocachin ...   '
rt   - i can give you a six-word formula for success : think things through-then follow through (wwi flyin ace e .rickenbacker) '
top 10 firefox 3.5 features   '
  baskin robbins ! on east h st '
  rt incthe 8 principles of creating fun :   wow ...this was great . '
thou shalt not argue with trolls , as there lies madness , with many unholy thoughts of death and killing '
  please retweet to counter a mean trending topic . don't support the hate ! "
  "but arthur fonzerelli \'s got an army of clones ." this guy is a genius . '
wanna play aion '
ibm enables partner-to-partner relationships through new portal   '
wtb 3 x9 road shifters (s kc ) $100: my right dura ace shifter has broken , so .... wanting to buy a pair of (or..   '
thank you google weather for good news . i'll be damned if i'm going to work in the sun and aerosmith in the rain   "
everything is changing now .this year will be very interesting for sure !!!))) '
new project : sending sms /mms via the web   '
rt   think of sac brew for 4 th of july celebrations , we have ice cold kegs 4 sale and don't forget abt growlers ! independence ale too ! "
motociclismo rueda con tu moto en portimao : quieres ser uno de los protagonistas de la primera escu ..   '
hahahahahaha win . okay , i'm going to bed . "
friday's news of san pedro , ambergris caye , belize   "
rt   : rt   new 5 .mil bmore stand up !!!!!   --yes please stand up !!! '
stopping flu symptoms naturally   easier than you think . find out how . plz rt '
dani alves what an ugly tattoo and be also proud of it ! brasil 1 :0 '
rt :   : ese sonic si que te tensiona . '
rt   : 1   b2ctwittertwitterb2c /// b2ctwitter '
metaday (2009-10-02 19 :30:00)   '
rt   missouri summer camp closes for a week after swine flu outbreak   '
rep . patrick kennedy again receiving treatment (ap) : ap - rep . patrick kennedy , who has struggled with depres ..   '
daily terror :   '
i knoow these bad ass kids aint playin nigga-knock on my door . i'm bout to go outside w / my daniel green in a sec . ghetto ass bad ass kids !! "
lost 3 dr .house '
rt   ...is in the car listening to .."the electric slide "..lol... boogie-woogie !! <---wow, the original '
garden = weeded . roundup = sprayed . bermuda and johnson grass = mighty foes . '
12   '
darn , adjusting brakes on my mountain bike , have cracked a metal washer causing a river of break fluid to start oozing over the front wheel . '
link :   - my laughable attempt at art , whatever that means   '
one mo ' gihn ! **asleep** -_-zzzzz if you must get at me whilst in dreamland ...   "
  - 2 :09, omg (6) '
the onion celebrates the king of pop   '
en 45 minutos , empieza la reserva de nombres de usuario en facebook :   '
  '
us investor len blavatnik is offering 20 m for a 51 % stake in the troubled irish pay-tv channel setanta , th ..   '
marijuana . '
how cool - a tent with integrated , flexible solar panels -   '
  '
bom dia mundo twitto . e ainda no acredito que o michael morreu ... '
  for realtors . do you need your listings posted on craigslist every week ? this company will do it for free . '
  -   in action ! up next : saag paneer . '
rt   purplehayzhow to make a slideshow with a transparent png frame   this is so cool and so easy . '
rt   : hey ...i'm searching all over for a screen-print t-shirt place ...does anyone here do that ? "
  hi , did we meet at dreamworks in la ? i just read your women in tech article and recognised the name ! '
hallo dende , wo bin ich ? '
having my first from wow this is amazing ... '
  take that back . i fucking love him . '
delmar casino in the works : plan pairs venue with car racing , instead of horse racing , and would draw beach-boun ..   '
morri de rir com a cara do joel quando fizeram a falta no ramires . e no que a cara dele tava certa ? afinal , foi gol do brasil ... '
slayer and megadeth tonigh . clash of the titans 2 ? '
"when i was driving a huge hawk swooped down so close to me . it was the biggest bird of prey that i \'ve ever seen in my life "   '
rt   : wide open chinook bite going on at the cape right now ! the average size is up to mid 20 lb range with a few tyees in ... '
getting ready to celebrate our dh /dad's birthday . making duck , rice , veg and devil's food cake for this wonderful man ! "
  wow you really spoiled your little sister !! want another one ? i'm quite reasonable .. "
is leaving tomorrow , gonna see his love again and so happy about it :) '
  still there at sanpablo ? '
photo : can anyone tell me whats going on here ? via imgur .com   '
interesting : youtube's new reporter's center channel :   "
photo : oceanchild :   '
tickets for linda harrison supporting amy studt now available - follow this link   '
  i wonder what they are going to do to michael jackson's youtube channel "
holla ma come estas '
first day of field day . 18 hours of fun keeping the radios going . time for some sleep and do it again . in sammam ...   '
...is serious this time , he's taking a shower and going hunting for food downtown . "
oy e . moody - the greatest motivational act one person can do for another is to listen . '
i just increased my followers by using the twitter   it's great ! try it out @   "
  - first piece of the project ... '
huahauha morrendo de rir ..theo forerver !!!! a bixinha recalcada ..jhuahauhauhauhau qual o nome dela mesmo ???? '
research assistant - structured finance - 3 month contract 25,000 pr : london-l ..   '
  summer school sucks i'm sorry :( "
rt   i'd say iranian ppl will go w / ganhdi-like protests , we genuinely believe peaceful protests 2 b most powerful . "
is twitter a microcosm of your personal reality ? could be .   '
noticia : apuestan por software libre periodistas de cienfuegos - unin de periodistas de cuba : apuestan ..   '
  i s fall har dere gjort en kjempejobb . '
rt   okay you twisted my arm . if you guys get me to 100,000 fans by june 19, i'll post a photo of me in a speedo ...any takers ? "
rt   [michael jackson ] created a music beyond restrictions of generation and ethnicity . richard williams guardian   '
hotel des congrs (***) on various dates for 83 ..   '
news : mr . popular ? ron paul wins supporters to fed sunshine bill - foxnews   '
lmao "... other animals had also been spotted in the poppy fields acting unusually ." and people have a problem .   '
  epic tee in black '
boa noite peopleeeeeeeeeeeeeee .... '
zlia , a catalisadora de ideias - o dirio do norte do paran   '
says woah ... now what ?? (unsure)   '
  olha a que legal ! parabns ! o pessoal do sfc com certeza vai te ajudar com belas dicas . '
me &   fml &fml '
  inpiration to everone . you rock . '
test test 1 2 3 - well it didnt upload straight to this blog , but at least i can embed them into text ...   '
the guinness book of world records recognized jackson as the most successful entertainer of all time   '
photo : xyz :   '
  that's a really great shot   did you do that with your phone ? (!!!) "
  yep , tru abt exorbitant fees . i'm thinking i wld b going w /   , mainly cause ive always had better service from them "
[foro] resp . a abdn guisado , nuevo presidente de falcap   '
en ce moment : les hommes qui ont fait l'amrique - andrew jackson , un fils du peuple la maison blanche : 27 juin 2009 20 :50   ... "
rt   \'medical emergency \' causes red line delay   --- aka "there is a body lodged under the train ". ew . '
- 20   '
rt :   : rt   : rt   :   <-- '
rt   '
live-ticker aus halle /westfalen:   '
desvendando as consequncias da lei n11924 /09! '
rt :iranian girls are beeing shot for protesting the election ! please show you care !   '
  eso , eso !!!! hispanics causing panic :) '
  '
i still can't stand on a highrise balcony without wondering what it'd be like if i were to fling myself off it . even when i'm content ... "
  omg omg omg he's commentating ?! i'm at work and can't listen ...i will just dream of yesterday &lt;3 "
she even took time to talk about similarities between her and the president . i thought the audience was going to throws shoes at her . '
rt   : june 27, 1880 helen keller was born . blind and deaf she said , "it is a terrible thing to see and have no vision ." '
rt   : listo el nuevo lbum de gustavo cerati   {icantbeliebeitsnotbutter :o :o :o} '
snuggling with the puppies . '
rt   : ram / iphone 3 g st-mobile   '
clothes shopping for men , no store visits required . trunk club consultants advise by webcam :   '
'
learn how you can help promote human rights around the world ...   [ human rights : wikipedia :   ] '
secret symbols reveal dark agenda of western medicine   '
i just voted for   (who now has 29 votes ) from     ! vote for ur fav '
n ... fui pontual uma vez na vida . :dd '
rt   : reading : "15 silliest facebook vanity urls " (   ) '
and i just got my fluro drum sticks btw i'm so so happy ! but can't be bothered to play watching skins "
rt   : hi gorgeous tweeples         '
thinking abot whether i should have a facebook page .... '
kinderpornografie - spd macht stoppschild-streit zur chefsache : das geplante gesetz zur sperrung von kinderporno ..   '
egoing : rt   . 1 :3. 3 1 . "...   '
  oooo i'll be looking at that ...harley's doing pretty good , but once in a while ..an oopsy . "
is michael jackson dead or not ? '
'
  a few months ago you mentioned getting a bunch of worthless followers by mentioning acai berry mone vie mlm stuff ... '
tired :/ '
  you're confusing me .. "
  that girl is a california roll ! '
didn't oracle do this already ?? rt :   oracle targets the enterprise web 2.0 space   "
to conversando no msn . '
  well ...easy to do ...http://helpiranelection.com/ just don't know how easy it will be to undo ! lol "
rt wil je ook het iss ruimtestation volgen aankomende maand ,   voor de lange zomeravond (via   ) '
the plastic dinette   '
excited about tomorrow's   fbml essentials webcast with     "
there's still a few slots left for this weekend's mini sessions ! contact me if interested .   "
alszok '
60 years of album covers : good , bad andmuppets ? yup .   '
good morning !! its the start of week 4 ... pray it goes fast like last ! lol ... hope everyone has a great day ! :-) '
  by the time i get to phoenix (glen campbell )...perhaps country ain't yer genre , tempest ?! "
    - you're being attacked by leeches !?!?! =o haha , kidding . "
gorgeous green amethyst drop earrings !   '
  where r you now ? '
rt   : 20 great ways of capturing your prospects ' email addresses :   "
rt   : some more info here on twitter problems with following & favoriting   '
custava eu ter apostado em 10 - 20 - 23 - 28 - 42 - 43 ? '
have you seen this great advertsing site   '
rt   wait , a newer version of blackberry messenger ? only on bgr ? oh ok ...   i want this so bad !! '
espanha x eua vo jogar agora , quem sera q vai a final com brasil . '
liviaaaaaaaa '
sharper image airborne 3 piece luggage set   '
  '
  - one of my , not-so-great photoshop projects . haha , was fun though   's shoes , sorry . ha . "
shares   (dance)   '
my little man .. first time @ the park ! '
rt   : the room viewing party at my house . you are invited ! yes ... you ! call us :) '
while i was in ontario stopped by my work from 15 years ago see my old boss myriam and her dad basheer   '
ho hum . who's out and about tonight ? "
  - a website that will make decision for you . '
right i'm going to bed now , goodnight my dear tweople :d "
porque tanto escndalo con la ley sapo , si desde hace un buen rato el gobierno graba a todo el mundo '
at the rootz festival -   '
hey (bunta live >   '
launch of new designs of stamp panes for the "heartwarming stamps ... - webnewswire .com: launch of new desi ..   '
  t a :   no sei como vai ficar no seu twitter porque no testei , mas se no gostar , ok ;d '
rt   : rt   : rt   : toss ma kakak . makan apa yaa ? ganjel pake ini dulu deh   '
rt   reason asks , why is killing abortionists wrong ? because it is un-christian , thats why !   '
the most hilarious 20 minutes of my life , without a doubt . '
will make u ask urself wat have u been missin out on ?! & forget u got a manz ! mmhmm '
rt   last call for bni sedgemoor visitors day at junction 24 bridgwater , somerset : need carpenters , electricians , cleaners ... '
once again , i prove myself correct about geopolitics ... '
rt   : rt   : the new nets for administrators (nets-a) have been unveiled !   '
there are financial gains to be had from greening the supply chain , says expert   '
why u gone live all earthly when you can be 13 goin on 30 '
"camaro fail " -   '
dorazili jsme :-) '
new blog post at blackenergy - school gardens teach going green -->   '
papa is boos ... rt   : en beeld zegt meer dan duizend woorden :   '
roberto micheletti , quien ocupa el lugar del presidente de , es un "cacique de la poltica ": la nacin   '
rt     latest green brief , as always , rt and read . '
  lol ...never that ! im aight i just touchdown back home earlier . i really missed nyc ! '
congrats !!! so deserved rt   flirtomatic 2 awards @ nma - best mobile and the grand prix best overall !   '
  have u done rachel morgan ones ? '
  '
rt     rt dat "o my " was throwed .. dats da best i eva heard chalie boy sing on record (via   ) '
primoghrabibora votar bsb fans   '
join the bus and get followers :   '
holy moly im getting so many followers from :   '
have the day off . workin out and laundry and that's all ! 4 gigs this week .   "
at least now crosby can cry for joy . '
  lol ! no shame in that ! at least we're easily amused :) hopefully i don't get jailed before she gets here . i've never gotten to do "
new blog post : d'oh ! say goodbye to the hottest girls iphone app   "
rt   : ? teo . (nixon   (via   ) .. '
today in globe business -   '
wann ist endlich abfahrt ?: von joki-mau am markt von hoi an .   '
blog : nerdy hello kitty .   '
my daily twittascope -   '
can't believe the news . rip michael . x "
china delays rule for net-screening software -   '
marijuana causes cancer !?apparently it has 33 of the same harmful chemicals as tobacco .   '
  thanks !! '
we met with father leonville today for lunch ! visit   to read more about it ! '
anything to distract me from that folder of receipts i told you about . next job , clean bathroom with a toothbrush and other diversions '
colombian economy in recession : the dane , the colombian statistics agency , confirmed what many analysts had pred ..   '
  oh my , is that a bullystick i see in your oh-so-happy mouth ? '
damn it , another celebrity death : impressionist and talk-show mainstay fred travalena .   '
nieuw in alkmaar : simon vestdijkstraat 18, alkmaar   '
learned some chords today :d i'm superrr happy about that haha "
  thanks . may be others but only place i found for parts for the perfection v700 photo is here :   '
doctors offer advice to allergy sufferers : food allergies show up in a lot of ways from a severe anaphylactic ..   '
  nobody in rome knows how to drive . be prepared for close calls whilst walking . lots of jerks on mopeds . '
recently snapped picture   '
rt   www .twitter.com/summerpro games start at 6 pm tonight . phoenix country day high school 40 st and camelback . 3 games tonight . '
generation gap widening in us : study   '
  5000 '
investigation continues :   '
rt   restrore your system performance '
  i do need rio grande to clean up the mess '
  new video just released on blogging for beginners ...blogs are a great way to generate leads ... '
got the job at hottopic - score . '
love spending the night with my baby &lt;3 '
silent home   '
  wow that's crazy thanks man happy birthday to u too !! "
  your tweets sound like louie '
it's $87 to renew a passport ? rip off ! "
search and rescue : 6 approaches to semantic data collection   '
rt       alex beats all of ya hands down ..... ----&gt; yep i have 2 from her lol '
  - '
security tight at alleged gang member's trial   "
  altijd lekker , zo'n avondje :) wat kijk je ? gossip girl ? :) "
macbook '
again and again and again . i'm not much of a proud person but i'm beginning to think i'm influental "
rt   buenas dias ! it's gotta be   for some neighbourly fun on july 19 th "
review : the taking of pelham 1 2 3   '
on air : stacious - its over   '
rt   : rt   : sehr gute antwort von   auf abgeordnetenwatch zum thema , ,   '
"my lifes so common it disappears , and sometimes even music cannot substitute for tears ." - paul simon , the ...   '
  how r u '
  '
  jesus , what a hard hitting blog . (i voted "killed those cunts ") '
courtney love reforme hole :   '
,?   '
my dinner = chocolate almond milk protein shake and blueberry waffles . i really need to go grocery shopping . '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   :   $oih - bear flag . dead simple pattern '
  da fuck is that ? '
i just took the "what kind of kiss are you ?" quiz and got : you \'re a french kiss .! try it :   '
[wiesje] hoe awesome was het trouwens toen dat schijtlelijke schilderij van de muur werd getrokken in het rookhok ... lag in een scheur , ... '
  via   '
video : pilot hiring under review : faa officials said they may order airlines to dig deeper into pilot training h ..   '
got 20 minutes on the wii fit . i've been neglecting it ! "
%u266b mirah - words cannot describe '
iphone apple at &t - greedy , rich wireless compaines are kicking themselves :   '
average joes tonight '
come on ultrasn 0 w come out ! '
rt   woodlands new 5 rm a blk 304 move-in cond no noon sun face south bright near mrt / mkt / american school $ neg . 98573790 '
blackberry pearl blackberry pearl cant connect to service provider bell   '
i just took the "how much money do you really need ?" quiz and got : $50,000 per year ! try it :   '
check this video out -- lamar campbell - closer   '
it was 69 today in fargo . wish i was there ... '
i just took the "what kellie pickler song are you ?" quiz and got : best days of your life ! try it :   '
trifecta : farrah fawcett , michael jackson , ed mcmann '
rt   : je veux que tout le monde sache quel papa adorable tait le mien :   (ma femme vit le mme ... :( ) '
just got home , ready for bed !!! '
o bc baixou de 1,2 % para 0,8 % a previso de alta do pib este ano . est mais pessimista que o governo , que espera 1 %.   '
rt   : cuatro heridos en marcha en defensa de gays en brasil - el nuevo herald   '
20 % of me is too overwhelmed to make the move '
those shows that show about girls /boys homes are obviously hinting parents who watch it to send their children there . -.- '
  thanks for rt of my google wave post . you may also like this on twitter ideas for doctors in waiting rooms   '
google no encoraja android nos netbooks : gerente de open source do google nega que sistema andro ..   '
rt :   :   mirror .in.th iso ubuntu 9.04 server edition ? &lt;&lt; '
remember the giveaway ? i'll be picking out the winner tonight for tomorrow's release !! thank you to all the participants . "
rt vote for jordanknight at   '
latest iran comments iran election results reported passed to iranian opposition : [...] ; &#..   '
ok   you heard the man . anything we want imma start filling up my piggy bank   just make sure you bring the bra =p '
rt   : mvc t4 template 2.1 .00 pushed to codeplex . misc improvements & fixes . thanks for all the feedback !   '
every time i look at you , i get a tightness in my stomach and then the sudden urge to vomit all over that part of my life . thanks for that . '
obama said to give me an iphone gift card . '
  my prayers are with your family and . have faith ... '
luxury property prices stabilise on higher activity   '
  woman shot to death by basijis , teheran june 20 th '
  yeah susie photoshopped it lol . but i have one cut for real now '
rt   it's amazing how much detail i've forgotten abt . not been long enough for me to forget yet . :) "
rt miguelcottocotto vs pacman ?   '
rt : this week , orlando & disney (for kids ). next week , new orleans & tales of the cocktail (not for ki ..   '
i think my doggie has like skin cancer :( '
  - sem os plsticos protetores :. '
pathophysiology of the renal system .go gal ! '
wishes this feeling would last forever ... '
advertising or pr ? that is the question !   '
just took my 15 th mugshot !   '
  real accident or accident in some project release ? '
yes , there is a connection between michael jackson and private equity   -rt   (!) rt   '
my daily twittascope -   '
  ok cool '
internet business requires internet presence   '
  ett svar frn en amatr som jag r att rt = att kopiera och sprida det ngon annan skriver . '
rt   ff # this cool kids                 '
home just in time for the second half of the game ...thats all i care about anyway :) '
  in carolynlanguage , iced chai from starbucks = christmas in a cup '
u .s., chinese military officials to meet next week   '
there it is . rt   : 3 gs . faster . voice control dialing . compass . video cam . 32 gb option . otherwise just upgrade your software to 3.0 . '
rt   : sorry to be pain in the ass , tweeps , but i really need a bunch more votes for my poll .   '
i got a free monitor today ! i love free !!! '
.: ".." .10 ..   '
twitter affects mac , iphone apps .   '
uitgekomen : wie wint de mannen singles aegon championships in 2009 ?   '
    - love it !! we'll get 'em next year !! "
putz ! o sarney descobriu que sua sobrinha trabalhava em um gabinete poltico . como esse mundo pequeno ! '
  *** '
acura for sale - acura : tsx 2006 acura tsx ,lthr full pwr ,loaded,mint! - go to   '
new iphone app : worldstore - top 100 in app store around the world .   '
my music is starting to expand , now i can share it on here @   check it out and a comment . '
rt   ten senate democrats embrace profound education system reform -   '
show support for democracy in iran add green ribbon to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
so .... guess who hates indians in cartoons !!!!!   '
tea is joy - and good for you   '
'spiritual entrepreneur ' has the 'drive': with short-cropped gray hair , designer glasses , and a ..   "
no salir , dormir rico y un buen desayuno     '
  agree w / the 12 " powerbook . check with macauthority on who they might recommend to do that work or what they \'d charge ... '
admpc activity ryan gerardi left a comment for david t . gould : ryan gerardi left a comment for dav ..   '
again to all followers . if you don \'t say where ur from : "everywhere", \'universe", "usa" doesn \'t work . won \'t follow u . need bio too '
new phonezoo ringtone "leave me alone "   '
malaysian youths stick with mainstream media , says merdeka centre poll .   '
busy day in the uk for mj & twitter according to hitwise   '
haha , lonerrr '
usb wireless penguin mouse : here is a fun wireless mouse , this one is aimed more at the younger geeks , the usb w ..   '
heading out to watch "away we go " with miss   and mr .   '
next week ill be in la ,where my money at ?????????? '
  no idea haha , probably change his name ? there are lots of masculine names out there :) hard to backtrack the conversations :( '
looking forward to the finish movie iron sky . i think it'll be great ! "
who declares a pandemic   '
  don't worry my mom loves her too "
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
if i cut off my head just above the neck , then cut off the rest of the neck and put the head back on my body , will i die ? god my neck hurts '
  he already died .. the hardest working man in show biz . rip james brown '
babies as young as 6 mos prefer different toys based on gender   '
cricut cartridge for sale - life's a beach cricut cartridge just released new ! - go to   "
more rt's : fa & cpr :   broken bones :   gunshots :   "
anying !!!!! laptop kna virus .... w jg kn virus flu ....tai...='( "
we women in black face bully cops .   '
iran - raining down from satellite _ by peter himmelman   '
  hustle wats good boss   '
rt   '
drip covers the lotus eaters \' "first picture of you "   '
rt     yyooo whats gd boi <--waz good my nigg '
jack in the box is a dirty name for a restaurant if you think about it . '
self esteem - simple tips to improve your self confidence ...   '
my daily twittascope -   '
oh great . son of   and   . i'm doomed to make typos and spelling errors the rest of my life . fml :( "
prova hj , precisooooooooo estudaaaaa ! '
tehran mousavi iran neda - send an anonymous email by using this ... -   '
rt   : sabes que tienes un problema cuando usas twitter , sabes que no tienes remedio alguno cuando sueas con l ... '
beautiful pistachio orchard in gorgeous southwestern new mexico with 30 acres of trees . approximately 4,000   '
rt - choo choo , all aboard the twitter train -   follow friday '
  wew kesana musti bawa bokap hihi :p poke sushi juga katanya mahal ya ? ato ga ? '
is michael jackson dead ? '
just entered $1000 cash contest ! win by following   and rt .   '
further thoughts about building 43 (previously known as : want to watch building 43 videos offline ?): last friday z ..   '
7 genblog : home a film by yann arthus-bertrand -   '
  can we tone down the michael jackson tmz reports from fox news ? we want real news , not trash '
to dad on father &#39;s day - thanks for all the toys | gear diary : a while back , however , i realized that the rea ..   '
cinco dias ... '
next shuttle launch attempt is july 11 . this is not convenient for those of us with aggressive summer social schedules . '
pr couture says : fashion blogs + free samples : the pr community speaks   '
  :r.i.p michael jackson . '
rt   : bet is fucking trash !!! '
norton antivirus fail :   '
checking out some film festivals to attend , any suggestions ? '
aww shout out to my hometown gary , in also the hometown to mj . i see the today show is there too . '
rt   : apples don't kill people . wicked witches of the west with apples kill people . <-- too funny :) "
  too true , but i've got a half-bald dog on one hip , &lt;3   , and a giant orange cat on the other , much easier to read anyways "
christopher walken is teaching me how to cook chicken   '
he's just not that into you is probably the cutest movie that i probably ever seen . "
rt   :   real cost of crowdsourcing : $300 for logo u just designed ?   '
big boobs , hard fucking :   '
rt   : google working on twitter search service ?   '
twitter : the new way to find a job - from the sydney morning herald with     '
..   '
rt   : rt   :some very very cool movies that hollywood never wanted you to see .   '
thanx evebody for coming through anybody here from the big apple nyc ?   '
is your blog producing for you ? if not it's probably not your fault . help is on the way .take charge of ur blog now &gt;&gt;http://tr.im/betterblog "
rt   : cash cow !!!!!! cash cow coming soon !!!! miss congenality edition !!!! '
rt   : rt plz   in the bay-july 11, sac-july 12 . hit me to check availability 559.287 .5647 '
just got home from the 18 -hour wolfeboro relay for life . event raised over $86,000. story and photos to come in a future issue of lrs '
  yes i will be there in a dress , heels , a new hair cut and tattoo .. well at least i know who will be getting nice with lol '
i like that i don't have a couch for my apartment but i do have a super cute gold meditating frog .   "
los piligros de las redes sociales   '
home based small business boon or a bane ? | internet marketing ...: if you are serious about the idea of makin ..   '
asdadsasd 22222 '
rt   : maryland has more high schools on newsweek's top list than any other state .   "
referendum : fini , tutti riflettano   '
kalla janji perbaiki keselamatan pekerja tambang   '
practice gratitude , then offer the benefits to the greater good , i intend to act impeccably , & i let go of out come (rt   ) '
poll : what song should the phils play during the 7 th inning stretch ?: what song should the phillies play during ..   '
ta ! love them ! from my part of country too !:) rt   paradise lost enchantment . great tune , 'nuff said !   ~8kw6z "
after 2 yr of solitude ... i did ! rt   to know thyself is to love thyself ! '
  '
i was fooled by   on   '
  tu j viu o meu ?   '
stay-at-home mom , six-figure salary : posted by latest financial news - cnnmoney .com. june 23, 2009 . desperate fo ..   '
an example of the ultimate way to write your "bucket list " (all the things u want to do /be/have) good stuff !   '
photos : loud .com winners   '
  '
rt   learn twitter basics , use , whale hints , tweetdj ,   '
: links for 2009 -06-13   '
  ! i am quite sad too ! beat ittttttttttttttt beat itttttttttttttttttt dont know what what what what just beat it beat it beat it ! '
mg piece on whether women columnists are becoming bitchier attracting lots of comment . what do you think ? '
wow this will b another anna nicole smith case ... let the good times roll ... '
correction : unless you are under 12 and a girl - then feel free to say panny , sammy , lappie , vacay or whatever else '
  woot woot , of course you did ............ '
i just took the "which new kid would be your perfect lover " quiz and got : jonathan knight ! try it :   '
lol finished making a vid for my auntie and grandparents lol its about my aunts baby shes so cute and i cried while making it lol . '
innocent blonde teen hillary scott fucks   '
rt   omar of the mars volta on an at the drive-in reunion : "never say never " -   '
  yucccccccck sorry :/ '
rt   doesn't it feel good 2 kno that god has d final say ? grateful 4 being a child of the divine . peace and blessings <= preach "
wow , i actually drew something . marbles lion (a reject )   '
rt   : " your phone been turned off and u use it to tell time ...(((damn lol ))) '
my daily twittascope -   '
tja , geschmack ist eben doch keine frage des alters ! rt   gruppe 12 -jhriger bestellte einen ferrari !   '
this is getting me through friday afternoon   '
  yeah im thinking i could add something to it .. it's hard to sport a short hair , really . "
thy colour is skin deep , do not hate thy neighbours because of it '
experiencing worst traffic i've ever seen at lax . "
rt   : palm : pre not doing so hot ?   '
i'm at e howard st & wesley ave , pasadena , ca 91104, united states -   "
  operation wii accomplished ! '
  to salvando um monte aqui , vou levar no pendrive pra vc ver ^^ '
charlotte , nc - customer service supervisor - nco group : nco is an industry leader in providing business process ..   '
record turnout in iran presidential poll   '
when your boss tries to bully you around , show him your certificate of czardom ;-) suitable for framing !   '
re : error : ipconfig the requested operation requires elevation : thanks . one more thing is : i'm disco ..   "
just rsvp'd for a cocktail party at the la maison du festival in montreal next saturday . now i just need to find that date lol :) "
obama adds immigration to crowded portfolio   '
rt   noch 30 minuten bis zu den 49 -euro-flgen bei condor :   - da guck ich doch auch mal vorbei ! ? '
get the money to do what you need to do .   '
  fill every seat , take alternates and use the sommerfeld system to seat them ten at a time . '
hey   wannna look in your big brown eye's (ptwittytv live >   "
  you probably couldn't tell i was bored with smokin ' the gears in my brain all day and needed a mental break . lol "
  damn haven't heard from you in ages . where have you been hiding ? "
can't sleep .. let's celebrate mj .. what's ur fav mj song ? "
previsao madeira uma 20090630 : previsao completa ... '
xxxblablabla langsung menutup browsernya . download dari   '
hey   hahahahahahahahahahahahahahah your gay (parkertutorial live &gt;   '
after 15 years without pra channels tv interviews the band of mercy sisters pra dar uma entrevista mtv brazil ,: (http://migre.me/25mt) '
  vote   please ! x '
free plug board . post your site at the bottom of the page   '
hates the new rules ....2 more days '
that is so not fair !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\\ '
cannabis farms : when buy-to-let is high-to-let   (via   ) '
eating ribs at texas roadhouse ! dont tell regina ... '
  rt new article : never waste a crisis - next up : health care at   '
ugh .cant stand jay z ugly big lipsz assz ..fuk him !hatin on cb !! '
  :) '
rt   : finished writing the new cookbook today--whew . time for a vacation . '
adding a social networking soloution to your website : author : ron subsmany people today are developing their ow ..   '
says poke . is four a .m... i dont know why i stay up so late ... =/   '
contract manager - (pm-bth31) - edgetech consulting - bethesda , md   '
rt   rt   what a wonderful world - louis armstrong   ~879pb '
unglaublich   '
rt   piece on how chinese and cuban dissidents are drawing inspiration from iran :   (via   ) '
zombieland trailer :   this will be either awesome or just stupid ; not sure yet . '
  no me s el emoticon '
__________new___________blonde___________new_________ - w4m (oc incalls ): mia five six two nine nine one eight s ..   '
over time '
my card has macaroni and glitter ! rt   that was great ! lol rt   : "your business card is crap !" guy   '
follow friday   and @ auntieyorkie - lovely tweeters who are great to chat too !   for local blog news ! :d xx '
lauch of my new site about traditional reiki . will continue practicing in january 2010 in lake arrowhead , ca , us   '
mission accomplished   '
i am hanging out with morgan '
escobar throws off flat ground : angels manager mike scioscia said pitcher kelvim escobar would throw off of flat ..   '
understanding asthma attacks | nutrition : it seems like asthma is becoming ever more prevalent these days . you &#..   '
gundam ! [pic]   '
rt   : wahoo wah ! hultzen helps his own cause with a double , 2 -0 virginia . '
irgendwie auf den punkt getroffen   '
  - fresh lilacs . one of the few things i love about summer . '
my theme song of the week . duncan shiek "half life "   '
french 7 key cocuswood flute - $450: this flute is very nice but could use some light repairs . needs a few small ..   '
  test '
business template 8   '
  i agree ! the wait for the final 2 is gonna be hard . '
rt   servant of chaos : a cup of chaos   '
picture day ! the boys like jerseys .   '
rt   been out and about talking up social media club . it's such a great group of people .   "
  damn ... whats next on the story list ? '
  '
just added myself to the   twitter directory under : '
nato verkleinert kosovo-truppe   '
omg ....just read the latest dreamfever spoiler in the karen marie moning email ....god i love barrons . '
  lets see , seo friendly , behaviors , multi-browser , sandboxed , deepzoom , video , etc : silverlight &gt; flash because of deep links '
listening to "alive alone - chemical brothers "   ~822f4 '
zot !wire: news briefs from uc irvine   '
  avoid foreclosure and keep your house free and clear '
'creo que ya me hace falta un corte '   "
vcs dizem no 99 % das vezes :   e da ? voc e eu tambm . encontre um que te entenda . '
rt please ! first aid for chemical burns (http://tiny.cc/wdre4) please rt . stay strong and stay safe ! '
rt   blog   : la victoire d'ahmadinejad les passions qu'elle dchane ,annoncent d rglements de compte   "
for   and all my yorhealth'ians (:   great tool ! (: just thought it help everyone out ! "
photo : stephenlindley : kjop pix !   '
veliko interesovanje prisutnih o funkcionisanju i mogucnostima twittera '
  jessica !! u look so prettyyy !!!!! where are u in ur pic thingy ? '
  i couldn't resist , lol . "
  dios me escucho !! cayo una granizada !! adios al calor por fin =d '
rt   : rt from iran : mousavi has asked for this to be subtitled for him for all foreign press to show - -   ... '
  lol i jus go to my apt complex gym '
craving for durian badly .. he's fine and alive , much to my ease . "
  - i love ny !!! '
i just took the "what age do you act " quiz and got : young child ! try it :   '
forex daily snapshot asian session : macro themes driving fx   '
the future of traffic generation has nothing to do with search engine optimization learn more   '
dhhhhhhhhh '
everyone check out the new kobe and lebron commercial from nike lol @   '
mels   '
get the raw skincare glow - free trial -   '
  i know i can hardly watch '
fucking hate dd's that don't take u home and leaves you stranded when u said u can drive "
where aristotle is focused on internal affairs of the state kautilya and others mostly focus on protecting the state from external threats '
rt   : you are invited 2 our keep the faith marketing opinion poll & ur help is requested rsvp asap - plzrt   '
gggunit '
rt set your twitter location to tehran gmt +3.30 to block security forces hunting for bloggers . please rt '
  perguntei uma vez pra um colega meu , ele me mandou essa imagem :   '
windows marketplace launching with 600 apps , or one bazillion times what the app catalog has   '
comfort wipe : because toilet paper is so 1800 s -   '
torrent for the mac version of ultrasn 0 w is available . windows version soon .   '
    - nice kicks '
my mom just hit on like a 26 year old cop . -_-" haha '
rt   : rt   : rt   : rt   : joe lost his shorts----youtube it bitches *please!!!!** i second that ! '
rt   : io9 's transformers 2 review is one of the best things ever put on the internet .   i totally agree . "
  i called it ! bye bye charlie ! '
rt   and the post it is ...   // lol ! aww , poor dug ! '
what are some quick money making ideas ? | affiliate business ...</b> -   '
. " " -9   '
just loved tatsu - semilla   on   '
'
  hell , i will play the entire game during a mehcast lol !!! '
you know for a fact im not missing it . get the beers in !   '
porn - check it out this hot scene with logan labrent from legend video   woah - big tits , cum shot , brunette '
  thanks ! how to budget for digital signage is changing and will continue to change ... creativity is needed there too '
  i agree he diserves it *~whitney~* '
rt   : robert pattinson got hit by a cab       '
  - yes , even ex-cons have got back together with girlfriends and wives after being away for years ! '
  greetings . tell connie i said hi . what are you two up to tonight ? trouble ? '
  sadghsasdfhsadfas , nossa mes sonham laaura :/ sadjhsadkjhsdkad '
video : how to rapidly grow your blog traffic : (yaro&#8217;s presentation on impact marketing techniques .) press ..   '
- nokia n97 , iphone 3 gs . n97 . '
i woke up earlier than usual aha '
rt   : so you think you can dance 5 x02 postada no   '
rt   all black people love watermelon <-- i do like watermelon tho lol '
chuuuva :] '
rt   "when somebody you like /want.. but you never told , is tryna hook u up wit they friend /some1 else [truestory] '
pure rock (algo heavy pero pasa )   ~8hq0c '
eastcoast dnt want it we got this locked ! '
it's record-breaking : i stayed away from the internet for 19 hours ! "
rt   : day 3 on alli & i'm shocked 2 report that my guts have nevr felt better . gi's shld use ths rather than steroids up ... "
dance for a bit ... barenaked ladies wind it up   ~8d9fa '
  im so fckn tired ! smh n type boreddd . entertain me ! '
rt :   : [sofa city sweetheart ] last minute show tonight + more !   '
jogue o game em flash baseado em everybody's golf :   "
news from lookwest : parkridge win neptune point appeal : the parkridge development scheme , whi ..   '
: 24 :15   '
bumpin to mj's greatest hits "
want a chance to win iphone 3 gs ?   and   r giving 1 away pls rt . more info here :   '
nederlandse exporteurs worden pessimistischer : den haag (afn) - nederlandse exporteurs zien de nabije toekomst s ..   '
richard the shinjuku tragedy continues ........   '
hot dog candy and tattoo baggies are ready !   '
  i have that dvd i wanna watch it now !!! hahaha .. a ... c ... phlegm ! hahaha ! '
opera unite :   '
recession : i'm lovin ' it ! (how people are making the most of the current economy ):   "
  re good and bad schmaltz , have you got the fabulous fat book by jennifer mclagan ? '
rt   : nature publishing group eats scientific american , burps up its leadership .   via   '
  automated blackjack software | freelancehelp   '
adp , payx downgraded , hew upgraded at j .p. morgan (http://cli.gs/rlje9m) '
one of the hottest guys ever .http://bit.ly/lmjfb '
ist der fcb eigentlich die neue ausbildungsstelle fr den 1 .fc kln ? poldi schon da und sosa und z roberto angeblich im gesprch ! kln '
life begins at 30 ... '
untitled   '
  *passes vodka * '
    watch him ! he's unbelievabl ! "
oh goody , another neurologist with a speciality in movement disorders . i wonder how long monday will take . bah . '
lastnik kavarne streljal na svate : lastnik napadel z avtomatsko puko , sin z noem   '
now ... more n'awlins cuisine ?? "
******college student offer very good massage 0086 -15021023839(mary)** - w4m (i am 22 years old ..   '
shower time ? by the smell of it , yes . '
pienso mucho en el pago con subrogacin , el estudio no me hace bien :d '
is sending out his newsletter - if you want to subscribe please just email me or tweet me '
why you never need to press 1,000 cd's you may not sell ever again ..   "
  i think mine is what it's supposed to look like lol "
4 ~ eng-comp ~cit~pth~jap~ a ~   '
b2b sales representative - nestl waters north america ... - houston , tx   '
devil may cry 2 w moich rkach '
2005 dodge ram hemi 1500 quad st (elgin il ) $10900   '
aos so paulinos que puderem ajudar , divulguem esse canal ! atualizado sempre com novidades do nosso tricolor ; viva o rt . '
  vena con la intencin de twittear eso mismo . '
'
ayer hasta las 4.30 no hubo sueo '
confirmaron otras tres muertes por la gripe a en el pas   '
joi de vivre downtown guesthouse &hostel (downtown / washington ave .) $12 1 bd   '
really cool , but they should use silverlight's deep zoom -> rt   : the quarter-gigapixel ant   "
int . = lena blows nd rides huge black cock :   '
i just killed the most ginormous mutant spider-beetle thing in my bathroom ! wtf ?! '
rt understanding iran - repression 101   '
lady gaga love game remix is sick ! '
the top 20 business reasons to use social media marketing   '
healthy benefits of spices   '
sales - ag drainage : multi state agricultural drainage company has a need for a sales representative in central ..   '
encontro de blogueiros e twitteiros do   (rt   ) '
i'm such a nerd - when i get 2 days off i write an article on using commas   "
actually , i think it \'s twins vs . cubs at this very moment , so a "neener!" at   as well . :d :p '
wish i was home rt   :   fourth of july weekend in new orleans .. '
featured : ...: video ..   '
animal control shelter , dog fees on pv agenda   '
supra chad muska skylow skate shoe - men's : the supra men's chad muska skylow skate shoe is here to teach you th ..   "
duke ellington jazz fest wrapping up   dc '
i just took the "what jonas brothers song are you ?" quiz and got : burnin \' up ! try it :   '
the phnom penh post reports opening of new veal village school :   '
girls wallpapers collection 11   '
    - dang ! looks more like a suicide scene ... he jumped off the side of the freeway '
glhlampe und lautsprecher ! geil !   '
...   '
is excited to go watch ellens variety show on tbs . everyone watch it ! '
hi there ! there's a new kit ...take a look at my blog   "
rt   - the top 20 internet acronyms every parent needs to know -   - ex . pos , pir , p911 . '
  do you think the bb housemates should be told about mj ? how would you feel if you were told or not told while u were in ... '
mau bikin frase cooldown malah suasana harmoninya ngajak naik .yasudah naikin aja .mampus ga ada coolingdown   '
sabily ubuntu edisi muslim : sabily merupakan nama baru yang diberikan untuk ubuntu edisi muslim untuk versi ..   '
rt   : matt schneck said to me backstage that he wants to start a fan club for me called urie-nation . ha ! and yuck . '
sunday fun : forex trading video | the disciplined investor   '
charlene kaye at petes candy store . fun little venue   '
call babe '
    - hehe funny beautiful picture '
rt : this friday afternoon (6/19) at 12 :00n tele-seminar called , "how to search for first job when no hiring ."http://con...   '
sign up free and get 400 followers a day using   '
  got charged double for a 24 pack of toilet paper .... but think i was overcharged in the first place as the sign said 6.99 =/ '
omg ... '
rt   : comoros police official says the passenger rescued alive off comoros is a toddler , the ap is reporting . <-- woah '
rt :   : continuamos na campanha para receber doaes , afim de regravar a trilha . temos r $92,00 e a meta r $350,00. ajudem-nos . =d '
anyone else notice how uri 'spoon bender ' geller as refering to michael jackson in the past tense .... "
very cute ! even with the use of carnations . rt   did someone say a fresh flower flag ? so pretty .   '
rt   all growns up : facebook gets bigger , older   '
when the angel neda woke up this morning , i'm sure she had no idea she was to become the voice of freedom for all iran ...bless her soul ! "
and you know what : sometimes my sister thinks that she is standing in my shadow . she in my shadow ? she told me that she is jealous because .. '
artmaking a difference -   '
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
mtn dew teams up with world of warcraft   '
mother jones article : tehran in turmoil   '
bryce come here ! '
rt   : any yankee fan gloating tonight ...get a grip . gift . met fans deserved better . '
rt   my buddy jeff is one of the most respectable gentlemen in la . read this story ... what a stud .   '
lgrimas ouvindo "childhood" do michael . a vai a traduo , pra quem julga sem entender :   '
  than i shall hopefully be seeing you very soon .... '
- show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
rt enablescotland is disability ugly ? abercrombie and fitch think so   '
rt   : kyss meg i fremskrittet !   '
just woke up ...again...blah '
chris matthews \'s "dog whistle " theory about right-wing extremists was very interesting . '
snitch ....just took over my tv ..rude '
  probably seaside '
now playing : bunny sigler - the lord's prayer   "
rt : "she got it " letssssssssssss gooooooooooooooo !!!!!   newww shitttt !!! its a problem gotdammit ... '
bbc please read : alleged torture :   '
let's talk money i talk back yuuup !!!   "
rt   : firefox 3.5 is officially out :   '
bleh , do i want to run 2 gmail notifiers for both my accounts ? or do i just want to switch to using mail .app? '
djs what are you playing ... retweet .. hotel room service ... pitbull .. it's cracking at barroom !!!! "
  i can see rose being top 5 nxt season . maybe . we'll see what ahppens w / rondo , harris . true , billups has chocked in playoffs . "
20 ! (http://ping.fm/xgona{2e01a05b-f9b7-4055-b597-8b13451d5c91}) '
tentando entender o discurso do mtodo de descartes . estou culta q '
just added myself to the   twitter directory under : , , '
  perform a black voodoo seo curse on him eeer her .... it ! '
uvod u rakolovano znanje   via   '
: ruling bloc to pass n . korean cargo inspection bill in ongoing diet +   '
  plz direct msg so we can talk about it '
rt   : so wrong , so very very wrong   worst fathers day advert ! <- shameful '
  do you suppose it would be possible for either of us to engage in appropriate behavior for twenty four hours ? '
rt   : der chaos computer club macht mittagspause     '
thanks to mosesface for the pink razr hookup . woo ! '
rt   sweet jesus this is brilliant -- rt   i cannot get this damn song out of my head .   <-- good one :d '
key senator says $1 trillion health bill possible (ap) -   '
awww ...yeah!! rt   : lusting after "thinkgeek :: self-rescuing princess " (   ) '
rt   i hope your daughters enjoy the two organic blankees .....they are super cool and cozy ! '
  : h , c'est toi qui a commenc , aujourd'hui , il y a 12 mn , alors que depuis hier , je me concentrais sur d'autres spymasters . "
tannin \' frenzy ...should prolly go in but havin 2 much fun jammin 2 dirty south \'s remix of chris lake \'s "changes" !   ~8jeqf '
opp : socialmedia facebook vanity urls are cool , but they can also ruin the fun   '
  girl that sound like something fresh out of playahs club lol come on diamond '
rt   : wsj : steve jobs had liver transplant two months ago :   '
ask yourself a question : is my attitude worth catching ? zig ziglar '
  - (: :) '
yes conf lg dai   '
2 day trip to kenilworth (70km nw ): &nbsp;today we tested out most of the equipment , travelling 70 km ..   '
rt   : blogged getting your fill of reverse engineering and malware analysis : matt , from the exotic liability .   '
rt   : rt   :gtalkn '
iphone apple at &t - greedy , rich wireless compaines are kicking themselves :   '
navision-entwickler (m/w) / ref .-nr. 102687 /2   '
rt   all dem damn feathers , thank god i aint near there . a bitch got allergies lmfao and i would sue the fck outta bet lmfao '
  '
forgot i even had a twitter account '
in   '
  hi mel !!! how r u ? r u happy to be back in la ?   i love ur voice in this video '
michael jackson's cardiac arrest was caused by a heart attack . a heart attack is not always the cause for cardiac arrest .(via   ) "
has done really well dietwise 2 day and even went for a run as well as a walk :) '
tanzt jetzt cha-cha-cha und ist immer noch begeistert von okocha-cha-cha   '
24 . aprender a oir : pasaje bblico : quien tiene odos que oiga . quien tiene odos que oiga . e ..   '
novel non-surgical therapy dramatically increases weight loss in obese patients   '
thank good basketball season is over lakers sux by the way but football mode lets ' go "
awesome graphics for your online presence   '
vou sentir falta de prison break ;-; '
check this video out -- voice-male - seu goo laap hai dtua eng -   '
typical that the whole jobs liver transplant news would break at drink o'clock on a friday night . may he come back soon !   "
rt   : 6 reasons why you should not blog with a partner -   (please rt ) '
yesterday was very eventful :) '
got some sum yesterday so now i'll have that rosy-cheeked popper glow all day .   "
roy scholten : notes on the d7ux sunday structure summit : context :     '
lasted news 3 % : (update) 3 % ..   '
svelata lidentit di the stig , davvero shumacher ? - probabilmente molti appassionati conoscono il famosissimo pr ...   '
please retweet : just signed petition 'google earth to update satellite images of tehran ' -   "
lomo introduces the diana multi-pinhole operator camera   '
rt   : firebug lite : get the power of firebug in any browser using js .   '
watch the number of readers for each tweet !   under "user statistics -&gt; unique readers " '
rt   : the metallic throb of a boat engine ; iron drum of a heart beneath the waterline . '
  oh my god that's actually trending ?! ahahahahaa !! omg priceless !   is the spirit of "
jake and amir : last night   '
when you're clueless about what's happening with your life , you should watch this :   "
rt   : multiple people killed , up to 70 people injured after passenger trains collide in washington d ..   '
wiwo : obermann wusste frher von spitzelaffre als angegeben : laut wirtschaftswoche hat telekom-chef ren oberma ..   '
favre opinions still flowing : thebarkboard .com over the last week , several nfl players spoke up on the subject , ..   '
just added myself to the   twitter directory under : '
and also all the information about the cnmc in san antonio can be found at :   '
'
new video tutorial : using twitter + openinviter api on your website or blog to create a massive traffic infusion !   '
rt   : "there are a lot of things that people can do that are not normal that are of benefit to society " - frank zappa '
please retweet : i need signatures '' -   "
caravelle ladies caravelle dress watch   '
it is too early to be awake ... '
rt   thou shalt vote   best british newcomer @ k ! awards :   vote now '
dance fight ! (why yes , work is slow today , why do you ask .)   '
for helping get through tough times '
voices starts to ring in your head .. tell me what do they say ? '
  twitter '
rt   : queens street corner will be named for run-dmc   '
hey   you keep sayin it but when is it comin out (ptwittytv live >   '
rt   is as unpredictable as life . got kids ? get your affairs in order .   '
greatest ride ever *wink*   '
auburn to wrestle the hogs on new carpet : this week , the arkansas razorbacks are featured . on october 10 th , au ..   '
chagas disease : chagas disease comprehensive overview covers symptoms , causes , treatments of this parasi ..   '
sagatiba lana novo website   '
rt   : milk $20 gal , bread $12.50, gasoline $27 gal . cap & trade ? priceless . if they vote for it '
  broadway caliber caribbean musical opens in new york march 2010   - get involved . spread word . '
the limey one   '
rt from iran : foreign embassies are being surrounded by militia to prevent people from entering . (via   ) '
south africa's top band honors its roots - cbsnews :   "
acabando de chegar de uma selvageria gastronmica chamada 'rodzio de massas '. cus , que exagero ! huahduuhahsddas me fui dormir bjomeliga "
"ongeval richting eindhoven a2 ter hoogte van maasbracht "   '
    - they never would :d he's dreaming of me .... im just about to get in bed next to him now :d xoxo "
is that really a jonas brothers song ??   wow ..its actually pretty good '
my kinda party !   lmao '
, ? ... ...rt   kt , emi . ap ... '
  n ? ;) '
[]14:11(06/13 14 :11) '
hasn't sleept in over 24 hrs wtf is up i'm just not tired "
  '
la lights indiefest - :-: noise harmony   '
dft [08:27] chipmakers drukken nikkei   '
[education 2.0 ] "100 best science twitterers "   '
  '
nossa ki entrvista ilria ...melhor foi o video do presente ..... '
plooo , din nou '
  tell then i said "hi" - i *heart* your mom :) '
rt   internet cafe company offers $7.8 million for the pirate bay   '
i just love this version ! and i love the divinyls ~ xhttp ://bit.ly/10seyf '
"9-to-5" worktime in rhyme , including vacation time   .moodexpressions.com '
researching trademarks and patents . wish i could just hire someone to make sure that everything with my business is legal and legit :( '
  just asked me how do you rt umm hello its not brain surgery you put rt and copy what was written by the other person '
rt   : i will never again take air conditioning for granted !!! now ready to head to breck to see my fabulous family ! i'll bet ! "
new post : bad debt personal loans : put your life back on track with this opportunity ! (http://cli.gs/04xdje) '
hine : tech =chance to question rsrch methods , but beware distancing from established practices & existing ethical structures . p . 9 &10 '
  just me baby . headed to cleveland clinic with daughter '
thanks for the early morning rt's (sounds sick )             "
rt from iran : urgent : army forces entering tehran . barricade streets where protests are on . now . '
rt   : - rt   first full trailer : 2012 | flylyf   - ! '
zoi `oi,mat troi buon ` ngu ? wa .chan wa .buon wa .chang hieu tai sao lai buon chan .co le tai thoi tiet .am u ,am dam wa . '
  -   '
twittering the nfl draft | ploked .com -         '
new release : lance : the making of the world's greatest champion by john wilcockson   "
giveaway ! 'the dragonbone chair ' - tad williams   "
  who looked more bangin letoya luckett and keri hilson red carpet for bet awards   '
learn more about distance healing ~ distance healing guidebook :   '
  my bf work in travel , but not sure about specialists www .mountainparadise.co.uk '
just started a new squidoo page with lots of useful information on weight loss .   check it out '
rt   : having lunch with   . you should fear our plans for world domination . cf : omg !!! '
at s .beach lol at the girl diggin her weggie we all the way live     '
  weird ! well done '
twitterrockstar :everybody talks about the wonders of twitter ,you want to know how to really use it ?   your own brand ! '
[blog] thor low level laser therapy lllt wound healing : thorlaser asked : www .thorlaser.com this diabetic patient ha ...   '
buon inizio estate a tutti ! anche a quelli che la odiano come me ! =p '
do you use avon's anew skin care line ? if you do ...you won't want to miss these buy one / get one free deals !   "
495,000 : 2 bedroom house for sale : kingston road , oxford , oxfordshire   '
with   '
  - peace out ! '
@ rt : pls get this out to your followers . has been blocked in iran . switch to , , and (via   ) '
amazon prime kndigen ??? - hallo , ich hab mir heute eine speicherkarte bestellt und ausversehen hab ich bei ...   '
i just attacked   and won .   '
ps3 - free realms hits 3 million players ; ps3 version still in development : sony online ente ..   '
rt   is giving away free vouchers for our new marketing depot ,go here to learn how :   '
need fast cash ? no better way to generate wealth fast . $10,000/ monthhttp ://bit.ly/kl4mk '
rt   : win a prize pack from the   walmart soundcheck !follow&rt@soundchk &@wmsoundcheck to enter !http://bit.ly/12j9sz '
24 stunden hits aus der region gibt's auf unserem lokal hero channel im netz :   "
rt   : rt   los angeles : ice cube turns 40 . today is a good day .   we be clubbin ! '
musiceffectru dj antoine - superhero ? (2009): artist : vatitle : dj antoine - superhero ?label: phona ..   '
'
  will you be able to help me ? '
tchau meus queridos at amanha =** '
'
    thats one heck of a team ! i &hearts; it '
  hi you okay ? '
bollywood celebrity : hot indian girl manushri picture at river   '
found the geocache crystal forest   '
ah no ! si no era un privado .joder estoy gilipollas .es que a estas horas ya ni veo .un porrillo me vendra bien para relajarme ,jajajaja. '
current conditions : conditions for greenville , nc at 7 :03 am edt : current conditions : fair ,..   '
link :   '
bath . '
watched spanish soap operas n didn't know half of what they be saying , but u think u know what is going on , n b so n2 it . "
brent bozell joined gordon with the latest on abc carrying water for the obama white house ...   '
  yea shes a fuckn mess ....she mad he abt to take elvis spot ....yeah i said it '
web comic a day . day 5 - tiki kitty pretty hippy its &gt;http://www.tinykittenteeth.com/ '
beastie boys - brass monkey   ~901rr '
i just read this on mixx :   '
| swift's a princess , paisley's king at cmt awards : it was a fairy-tale n ..   "
  watch this to see the real side of the city   thats life in poland !! '
  ding ! 200 followers now , impressive - what's next , the world ? brought to you by   "
i threw in a load of laundry this morning and i dumped out a little oxyclean for my homie '
puerto ricans are always kinda late on fashion . lucky for me i'm only part rican :) "
telephone fundraisers ? recognised international charities : office based charity fundraising recognised internat ..   '
imagine a temple in your dreams ...where even all my fears won't make you disappear   ~8m6rp "
my daughter told me she loves bacon . i'm such a proud poppa "
  how to drive traffic with squidoo sites . '
aggregated michael jackson news coverage and remembrance pieces in one place :   '
... , - . ! '
rt   : rt   : glee to premiere wednesday , 9 /16 at 9 /8c, fox '
  ~85jlx '
why is the ting tings singer dressed as jack white ? '
nuteistas ri lankos sukilliams nelegaliai rang tieks tamilas   '
en un ao comprar mi ukulele ! '
  hahah gah ! that was totally my second guess ..yeah... '
    - teresa you look beautiful , you are such a cute pregnant lady ! i can't wait to hear about jame ... "
find great freebies , samples , coupons and lots more at :   '
13 tips for marketing your business with your blog ..   '
  no no , they're two different tattoos . celtic heart on my wrist or the lyrics on my foot .. "
options market risk gauge lights up , tops 30 level : the chicago board options exchange volatility index , a favor ..   '
  i like the new pic you have up !! '
  lol i thought it was "our money ". '
rt   :   lol   ! haha !!! double lol !!   !! '
1996 honda accord ex (grand jct ,tn)) $2500   '
pulled a melanie and chopped my hair off mamas ! ~n0 w0rries ~ '
rt   : rt photos of us troops preparing to leave cities & hand over security to iraqi government   '
goodnight everyone &lt;3 :] '
day 2 !!!! rt   : dell 10 days of deals - starts today . sweetness !   '
"companies that are broken internally should think very carefully before diving into twitter ."   '
  okay . i approve =) '
'food, inc .' - chicago tribune   "
rt   la voix du nord rcidive !!!   '
si nfl : t .o.'s house-hunting search back on in buffalo : buffalo , n .y. (ap) -- hold off on that housewarmi ..   "
the dirty dozen ! the 12 foods you absolutely want to buy organic !   '
project car hell , lotus on a budget edition : elite or europa ? [project car hell ]: welcome to project car hell , ..   '
rt   rt   author dakotacassidy chat online 2 nite @ 9 pmet ! great chat & fab giveaways !   '
im not in a "sleeping" mood for some odd reason . '
did you up load the new ubertwitter . if you didnt why not hurry up before a new version comes out haha '
tsss .. duty tomorrow , boo ! '
www .embli.net 09 /09/09 '
a /h1n1 30   '
leadcaster , a real-time lead generation tool , marks visistat as ...   '
    - heh ))cute.. '
holy moly im getting so many followers from :   '
view topic - [rs.com] project igi 2 covert strike for xp & vista (high -   '
i just took the "how well do you know miley cyrus ?" quiz and got : miley fanatic !! try it :   '
  i totally broke my leg on stage last night . most fun in years . '
rt :   : '
muere el rey del pop , los nios del mundo ya estan a salvo !! '
ready for cowboy junkies ! i'll buy the 1 st person i don't know that introduces themselves to me a drink tonight .   "
>>gunfight! divulga show em nova york   '
centre head at a leading it telecom company in chennai   '
color in nature : beetles   '
thieves like us just bought the ykms krew brew '
rt   twitter memes a .k.a. twitter hashtags   '
the macbookpro transformer -   - awesome 3 d animation '
what do you think about game 7   '
  and we killed someone too '
the real cost of an iphone 3 gs - new york times @   '
rt   : hahahah ... taylor swift is rapping in new video with t-pain :   - how awesome ! haha . loll !! '
benabar !!!!!!!   '
why is farmar in the game ? '
  gymnastics stunt fail : gymnastics stunt fail for more , visit     '
the lakers fans are nuts at half moon . i love sports ...but not like they love it . hrmm '
new blog post : destination : sled island   '
norfolk harbor lunch cruise for two ($96.00): enjoy a lunch cruise for two in norfolk on the beautiful elizabeth ..   '
nascarmatch .com 1996 spx nascar complete set : us $9.99 (1 bid ) end date : wednesday jun -24-2009 20 ..   '
rt   at google trends :   doesn't do very well , does it ? "
new blog post : oswalt wows padres , 'stros take opener   "
  lol ... katt williams said they be partyin til the next day ! '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   finally , a trailer for the pacific   - sweet , been waiting for this one . '
another long run in the cold and rain again today . great mental toughness booster . and not a bad workout over hills . '
  '
anyone able to heard ac '
    - okay well i liked it lol '
just chiling '
domino lotus notes web developer : latest jobs from www .seek.com.au. australia's #1 job si ..   "
  ali hurt my heart tonight '
its nice outside . too bad we're not at a mall . "
rt   tonight in our wine bar . stop by for some great food & drink specials . ((6-8pm, ray rd & 101 frwy , chandler )) '
are you ready for war with demonized iran ? ?volution   '
does anyone know how to easily get disqus comments into squarespace ? anyone know a webpage i can read ? '
rt   : apple byte : the iphone 3 g s launch   '
possible c &c4 details emerge   '
  - what happens when i offer people a drink or two . '
movers needed asap - (royal oak , mi ) &lt;&lt;general&nbsp;labor improve your feed &nbsp;&nbsp;   '
  - 0430 in swe on midsummer '
desktop wallpaper do dia :   por   '
rt   : i am not going to let this affect my work . and today will be a day like any other on the website . '
mon pays n'est ni gauche , ni droite , mais devant !   "
  ok but ur tweets better b good lol '
on mizz magazine   and totp   '
rt :   i shop therefore i am , being with happy people , watching a good comedy , springtime ... long ..   '
...wonders how many best of's will enter the charts again . r .i.p. "
shaban ismaili zu sonnenhof-gr .?   '
  happy birthday jack !! :d i love you and ur sexyness ! '
rt   : one womans death may have many consequences : irans revolution has now run through a full cyc ..   '
lignano '09 - ferretti yachts and mochi craft fleet showed on lyc event . -   "
......   '
low-cost holiday decorating   '
dell ~   '
[forum] re :wat eten we vandaag ?: linzensalade met feta .   '
misty circus no uma bd , um livro ilustrado mas gostei do tema , dos desenhos e um dos personagens um gato . e eu gosto de gatos . :) '
rt a quand les plugin sur seesmic desktop ? histoire d'intgrer la communaut familiale notre rseau perso ? (statuzer intgre hellotipi ) "
  omg !!!! there's like only 21 more days until july 10 !!!! we have to hang out someday . your b-day is almost here !!!! "
need your weekly dose of good market news ? check out "news you can use "   '
just started playing wheelman .   '
i kiss no ass . my moms nor my pops were ass kissers kinfolk '
  that cake had me smh . '
pyrabang ! free opportunities get top google ranking any keyword   '
rt       child alert : missing lindsey baum , 10 wa 6 /26/09   '
    - good form '
i just took the "what mcfly album represents you ?" quiz and got : motion in the ocean ! try it :   '
"dwight d . eisenhower and vietnam " -   '
wow ! 226 free videos to build your online business -   send registration name from   also free . '
no its aaaarrrrr ! i am now unleashed , sailing the sea of freedom !     rt pirate pete ...gggrrr : ) '
get listed in search engines ....http://adjix.com/emp4 '
  was the rt to highlight the sentiment for mj or to highlight the poor grammar : have been not of been '
definitely a tough love situation | employer says : take your vacation and don't come back ! : careerealism : -   "
cnet news : facebook username land grab : yawn : guess what ? the servers stayed up and nothing exploded when facebo ..   '
  aint nobody that smart lmao '
heading to chi w /the kids ? affinia chicagos navy pier package offers added value of $144. as seen on budgettravel .com   '
big stick little cupcakes haha   '
shopping motivation   '
doom resurrection for iphone due next week ; heres the trailer : doom resurrection , the first full title in the s ..   '
big sam eyes di santo - - the offside - chelsea football club blog   '
again , give me iphone now ! kthxbai '
rt   : watching benioff being interviewed on mad money . "in economic stressed times software in the cloud is cost efficient " '
listening to "en mktig hr - finntroll "   ~84yh2 '
  - gifts for me - happy father's day ! "
42 ...   '
i just reached level 19 .   '
michael jackson , rip :-(   '
rt   : rt *laraabcnews* a vivid profile of   in the boston globe   '
shaq diesel is too big and old to help lebron '
rt   ip   '
getting ready to make a new video for youtube .com(: '
rt   : iran bans opposition rally as critics are detained   '
saturday 28 june , para live   - nishiazabu tokyo .   #!! '
manh de muitas risadas =) '
manager , search engine marketing &amp; optimizatio - digitas health - philadelphia , pa   '
itunes , realplayer , wm   '
yuck ! megan waxx in trending topics ! ewwwwww '
and this is the last   phone /text rule - when getting off the phone with a male do not say "bye -bye or bye or goodbye ! '
psychological profiling via twitter :   '
my newest radio love : www .181.fm classic oldies station . i listen online and on my chumby !!! '
finals blackout   '
today's agenda , meeting about video shoot , scheduleing and locations , meet with artist's isa about promo touring /photo shoot . "
my daily twittascope -   '
dwayne a . 38 m : possession of marijuana , possesssion of cocaine .   '
chocolate milk '
  are you serious ??????? (via   ) he will feel what "lights out " is all about !! '
whoa ...now billy mays ? and he just made it big making those espn ads .   '
rt   : love god family and ... lakers ***** bbbbbbooooooo '
nu al wakker .. (8.05) aankleden , eten naar flop , zeilen . daarna leren leren leren leren leren leren leren leren leren . '
  fez a cobra subir ? -q '
quoth   : "a quick review of hugh macleods book "ignore everybody " at lateral action -   " looks good . '
porque pessoas desconhecidas insistem em ligar pro meu celular ? e porque quando eu atendo elas simplismente desligam ? a treva , amigo . '
here wins not the bank or the casinosactually only the customer !! :)   '
love my asian dad , always adorbs , never hardass rt   happy hardass asian fathers ' day !   from   "
tune in : dj doubledown (@doubledown_insl) playing aphex twin brainglitch . live :   '
olha to comeando a pensar melhor e tipos acho que o tho tem que sair pro bem dele . ele ta louco . '
[910c]wm6.5910c: g-yan ..   '
war michael jackson ein monster ?   '
rt   : helping you transform ideas into impact : sign up for one of our complimentary webinars today !   '
obama appoints brokaw to president's commission ..   "
rt   new painting by meathead for sale | buddyhead   (via   ) '
back pain & sciatica relief - back pain exercises , stretches and treatments   '
ariza gets a technical for that ?! '
heidimontag needs to stop now its getting annoying im going to stop following her i think . '
watching "i\'m a douchebag , leave me in the jungle ." it \'s getting really good ... '
i lol-ed ... rt   : transformers : revenge of the fallen :: rogerebert .com :: reviews   (via   ) '
show support for democracy in iran add green ribbon to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
photo : 10 _6   '
just got out from praising him on fathers day . i'm feeling and looking good ! next , driving to orando to get my hurrr did ! "
  presented by :   '
    '
my tribute to mj   '
my daily twittascope -   '
  ...lol you are funny (pauly shore ) i hope things get better ! '
wrigley is playing "living on a prayer " during a pitching change ....dang that \'s appropriate '
examples : signal turns red , everybody is stopping ! hm sometimes not ever ..false no rule , no essence '
waiting for my hubby to go home from his office :p '
behavioral interventions in schools : evidence-based positive strategies - 336 pages .   '
jennifer daniel dot com was taken 8 ==d (_*_)   '
carlos bakery   '
15 years ago today i returned from a month in russia . when this little event happened , i'd be up 27 hours straight :   "
  '
  poppin ' fresh , popsicle , popart , popfly , lilpop , lollipop ... i'm suffering from a pop explosion . "
breve , mas emocionante , biografia de van gogh : sede de viver (legendado)   '
rt   :   (via   ) rt '
social bookmarking service - information at your fingertips -   '
look at this pic b .scott put in reguards to farrah f   '
  waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa im so excited :d u cant also imagine how excited i am '
rt   and yes , there will be a very special tribute for the king of pop at the bet awards '
attitude : sometimes you need a boost in the creativity department . here are some thoughts for you :   '
rt   : a quem interessar um bom cliente de twitter em air diferente do tweetdeck , saiu hoje a verso 0.3 rc do seesmic desktop : ht ... '
my daily twittascope -   '
listening to "enjoy the ride - morcheeba "   ~8qm4q '
  afffeee ...quero nemmm ver ! no no no '
doesn't want to *bleep*   . don't worry :p   "
can't sleep ... again . i'm getting bored of staying up late every night now . "
  '
check out this recap of the post-election unrest in iran .   '
rt   recent study suggests that common habit of building information on a slide can interfere with learning   '
  i also bought brae (who the company is named after !) a nice new collar . pink and purple love hearts lol - i was feeling girly ! '
neues flex projekt ist in ausarbeitung , serverberwachung aller sdg applikationen , als serviceleistung fr unsere kunden '
  '
picking up   for dinner with the inlaws ... that's right we know how to welcome them to town !!! "
rt   : for those with a real sweet tooth . june 16 is national fudge day !<-there's a great fudge shop in lincoln's bailgate ! "
just beat it , beat it   ~95i75 '
rt   interview i did at being digital event last week . check out intruderstv   (via   ) '
rth dnes vlaszai az j spam trvnyes krdsekre :   '
some iranian clerics speak against corruption . rt     '
check this out :   '
has had a huge weekend , not the least of which involves moving a third of our furniture around inside the house , renting a vehicle , and ... '
i want that obama-ish kobe tee :   '
lol , stars in da hood ...: they look like multis for me .   '
* :   '
goin to the airport ... '
keep rt'ing this letter please !   "
boa noite time ...klaus amanha bem cedinho eu coloco no twitter sobre o cartao de credito ..nao hoje pode deixar ..srsrs '
  miyazaki rules ! only pixar is as good . '
  found you through   . looking forward to your tweets ! '
  very helpful insight '
rt   : giveaway : ipod touch ! less than 2 weeks left !   '
huisstijl design voor een kinesitherapeut   '
penn badgley was just on what i like about you '
celebridade , famosos - caricaturas e desenhos i   '
  lero lero lero ! '
rt dothackers '
  can i just follow your beard ? '
  why no battlefield bad company wich is top drawer '
jet iii photgraph - blinding sunlight @ artbreak :   '
use this calculator to compare debt relief strategies   '
  we go to the lake because it is "free" and where family lives . but i miss going to the beach ! '
rt   :   yes very much so '
  '
18 :00 59003 newc 3 series /g-shockcasio/gg-8100 g -8100-4   '
sabes lo que es un compresor y para que sirve ?   '
rt   i like the minimalist approach . don't fuck up a good thing . "
defense molecules in mouth found to inhibit infections from hiv   '
the b -52's love shack   ~94k6w via   xd "
  you can register and upload your screenplay july 20 th , pre-register now   '
snuck a drink beef jerky and reeses into the theatre . watching dance flick '
rt tim_micallef : travis henry blowing kemp out of the water ! 11 w /10 women ?http://bit.ly/nboe7 '
small aromatic cedar bandsaw boxes - by hackman 24 | lumberjocks ...   '
  it's personal and we no longer communicate , "
more in the digital cable saga , dtas and the integration ban -   '
wale - zune freestyle [video]: wale - zune freestyle [video]   '
legit money online !   5 zw '
miro um escroto '
new trailer for vampire girl vs . frankenstein girl -   - via   '
rt     : brasil registra primeira morte por nova gripe .   '
  lol !! well enjoy ur day '
is having tuition in an hour plus time (annoyed)   '
my feet have swelled . i am hot and sticky and now i can't put my shoes on . summer is not nice . it's evil . how long until october ? "
morreu gente ? :o '
  : way to go girl ! '
lei c ', basta vederla :   "
  wudz guud fam '
at church waiting for worship team to start . got a haircut . going to see if i am like samson in my guitar playing abilities ... '
most complete earth map published   - the nasa site says "microsoft ole db provider for odbc drivers error 80040 e4d " wow ! '
  -   does this make you feel better ? '
  jonasbrasil .com '
junan alle jnyt menehtyi : mies kuoli jtyn junan alle harjavallassa viikonloppuna .   '
  like the pulp song ? i must hear this . '
show support for democracy in iran add green ribbon to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
  - my father passed away from colon cancer 2 1.2 week ago , thanks for all that you are doing . . . '
i am trying to figure out how to twitter . '
posted mxmo xl : ginger gingered rum old fashioned   '
up was pretty deep yo !!!doin sum yogi ,looong bubbly bath :))...smooooog =) '
up early , per usual for a saturday . it feels hot and sticky here in queens . '
  do you mean "segue", to make a smooth , nearly imperceptible transition .?not "segway", to ride a moving platform and look dorky ? '
i uploaded a youtube video -- camron - got it for cheap (instrumental)   '
unstable :alloy-storeforward integration test -   '
  they're showing their support for the opposition in the iranian election . "
rt did   do anything stupid yet today ? '
cansei de letroca , vou jogar palavras cruzadas agora '
omg , that cracks me up . xd rt   : rt please follow so i can dm (via   ) -u have to follow me first , jerk-face . '
lil ' wayne might really make up that raleigh date - mync .com: lil ' wayne might really make up that ralei ..   "
rt   : vi trenger vr egen "newspeak" i kampen mot   '
rt   to the ladies : sometimes i wish i were a little kid again , skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts '
our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be ralph waldo emerson '
  1 wk since u were in tdot , who would have expected so much to happen in 7 days ...1 thing hasnt changed tdot &lt;3 u guys ! '
  when you put an @ in front of somebodys name that post goes to them :) '
the girl in the car behind me is picking her nose and observing the treasure she just dug out . '
just entered the tivo hd giveaway contest . $299 value ! win by following   and retweet often .   he follows back ! '
bjp rules out action against jaswant singh : new delhi , bjp spokesman rajiv pratap rudy on friday cleared that no ..   '
je vous demande de vous arrter !: il y a des matins comme a ...   '
  lol thats a good one . keep a tight ass . lol lol '
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
in my backyard   '
  ooooh , i want one ! i will have one , it's just a matter of time , haha "
waiting for next big change .. '
rt   everyone go download verse ft . rock city & drastic - winein it (jinx production ) !   ptfao rt if yee can '
  briaaaan , you know how you played arizona withh jerseey welll , you knoooww , you should come back to arizonaa :) i love youu . '
trivium pull harder on the strings of your martyr   ~83zmu '
yes ! yes it is . and i'm not happy unless i've solved it . rt     it's maddening and enriching , all at the same time , isn't it ? "
alesis deal of the day : alesis ion virtual analog synth low $$$ big sound !!! us $499.   '
holy moly im getting so many followers from :   '
  u should read my myspace status :]] ull like it '
  .... '
hesperia : involved request tow truck , message delivered to blackwells bros   '
my daily twittascope -   '
new blog post : kevin nealon : kevin nealon sports autoerotic asphyxiation marks (photo)   '
would prefer to avoid people today . '
rt   : the desire 4 safety stands against every great noble enterprise .-tacitus '
rt   : "no se viveu plenamente at o primeiro divrcio ." '
link : listening to "mary\'s blues - john coltrane " - john coltrane / marys blues // dakar (1957) // cecil ...   '
rt   : doin damn calc hmwk !!!!!<<<<<<what skool are u at ? '
this still makes me lol :   '
rt power to peace , to democratic rule but if someone differs from your position , educate them , don't harm them . "
award winning fashion boutique   '
rt   who are these ppl ?!! just look at what they did to the univ . dorm :   '
link : i'm sorry i haven't a clue ... returns !!!!! - 18.30 tonight on radio 4 sees the return of a much loved ...   "
rt   : the reporters on tv who r saying crap things abt jackson , 1 wrd of advice : i hope u have no skeletons in yr respective closets . '
rt   : rip edmcmahon '
rt   <<< hell yes . i can't deal w / dirty and /or smelly bathrooms !! "
  - liam ... loved that gig ! '
rt   : mick collins (gories, blacktop , dirtbombs , etc .) on soft focus at vbs .tv:   '
rt   : creating a tree map data visualization out of 200,000 tweets about iran   '
rt   : rt   send barbara boxer some big girl panties :   || best idea ever . '
rt   : "girl with tattooed face admits she wanted all 56 stars " (   ) '
  - '
getting dressed then going to take clay to see up -   '
    - you still look great . '
rt   : the kids are wearing "create crooked " tees . this has always been the disturbing part of j &k--children as living billboards . '
cooking dinner thinking i should have ordered take out :o) friday   '
rt   : summer & slump may delay royal mail sale :   &lt;-- until after next election ? gosh . there's surprise . "
rt reza estimated around 200 people were in each room and there were not enough space to even sit on the ground '
on air startroom   '
rt *the glovedone *the king of pop *   '
rt   he believes that marriage and a career don't mix . so after the wedding he plans to quit his job ...   "
- off to le mans 24 hours ;) '
rt     - was waiting for the o to burn out - ha ! funny sh .t '
rt   : hand crafted jewelry from nicaragua   '
genealogy and temple marriages mormonism seminar 3 d : the mormon church puts a lot of emphasis on genealogy and t ..   '
i hate tutor . - ok back to tutor . :-(   '
way to go ! letsgopens ! '
rt   for those ... this looks good : daybreakers   - that does ! hey twilight , this vamp movie has *actual* fangs . nom '
re :   lol good one jp . and i agree   '
  thanks . i have not designed a drupal-driven site , on my own at least . i've designed a site that uses drupal but did no development . "
i uploaded a youtube video -- 6 15   '
no ta fazendo nada , quer dar risadas , ou no ...hehehe..get up ! stand up !.. hj as 21 horas no teatro dias gomes !!!! '
is a douchebag . '
  can you pls help to stop this atrocity ? pls sign & rt if u love animals pls sign .   very graphic '
party time '
escola promove manh ldica para alunos   '
wtf , michael jackson died ? they have a special ready to air tonite ? crazy ... '
  i went with fox heating and air (http://www.foxheatingandair.com). they charged $29 for the service call , $42 1 lb freon . '
heather shafer went to my 1 st chiropractor today ...he was so hot !! it should be illegal to have hot doctors be a ..   '
i love when people steal my phe and update twitter !!! :)   '
earn money on internet :           '
  lol man i ran out of stuff to hate on ..you come up with one '
lmfao ! how have i never seen this til now ?!?!?!?!?!?!?   '
  - my boredom resulted in this ! i'm decorating my aunts laptop case , she wanted water lilies on it ...so hurr it is . "
rt   things that we need ...money, clothes & weed . '
my daily twittascope -   '
  girl you gonna be hurting in the morning . '
hey that was a real shocker (wwe_liveppv live >   '
rt eduardo_salespapo de gordo 19 no ar ! episdio especial : gordobox -   preparem-se pra rir muito ! '
shout out to               ..we r headed to blackmons   '
kartal-pendik minibs hattnda alan sayn hrsz ; biz ne iler peindeyiz ? sen ne iler peindesin ? teesf ederim . '
epic pet wars twtr must be down or something , they havnt replied to any 1 in days , maybe they are concentrating on ww0 without finishing epw '
uneb - mestrado e doutorado em educao e contemporaneidade   '
mile high report >> horse tracks 6 /17/09 - 500 stories on brandon marshall (almost)   '
  (&gt; tweet mamn ) va ... deja checo unas cosas ... y te lo envo , tambin quieren que regrese a   ! jajaja '
check this out : 4 " lcd screen protector skin cover for pda mp3 psp ipod   '
blogging 'olbermann and maher complain about obama '   "
rt   :   really omg that is criminal : ) '
richie vs . allan ftw rt   : if you could watch any hs bball player play one game ...who would it be ? '
  '
en cualquin momento cantan la marchita , ya van a ver al colo y sol haciendo punta ... '
rt   "if we let things terrify us , life will not be worth living ." - seneca '
rt lol   i used to eat a lot of natural foods until i learned that most people die of natural causes . '
hey   we want to chat and watch you not each other !!! (soulja boy live >   '
  woo hoo ! rt   heading to chic tomorrow 2 throw first pitch at cubs /white sox game i may ask to play a few innings '
hello twitters .(: i just made this . i need friends .(: ohkay bye . '
  thank you for the rt   '
  : rt   : 15 % of financial planners use twitter <== once again , we're in the minority . i'm getting used to it though . "
  chemerf !! how're you and your news reading going ? lol "
now playing : summer in the city by artist : the lovin ' spoonful :   "
  tonight !3oh!3 tribute + enter shikari launch ,city lights fade live & killswitch engage listening party in basement ! '
  what will she be doing when she's my age ??? o .o "
rt     unfortunately they have not shown their hoses yet - but they may show their equipment to some of us :) get pics ! '
rt   : when it's your kid , it's not babysitting   "
ok ... there's no more running away ! time to have lunch and get ready to go to college ! "
    - gorgeous dawling , just gorgeous ! lol '
  (via   ) '
  see ! lol   '
body parts : obama absorbed left radicalism as a child in a honolulu unitarian church : andrew walden has done res ..   '
free iran we are with you '
had a fun discussion last night about what my cats would tweet . now i may have to hook them up with accounts . need i get them "verified"? '
rt   :   i'm embarrassed to say that godwin grech reminds me of dr suess (nts: read more classics ) "
being red : apartment inspiration   '
lazy morning . feels good to take it easy . but i need to get moving on the house cleaning ... '
wondering why i got out of bed today .. '
listening to "boom boom pow (main version ) - the black eyed peas "   ~83hy5 '
justice denied ?   '
[trend > at &t] [stuff > at &t sl82318 dect 6.0 digital three handset answering system ] [linky >   '
  i know you mean well , but iranian are not arabs , they are persian , thanks for your support anyways '
jazzed about 17 year old cajun fiddler amanda shaw playing levitt pasadena tonight at 8 pm !!! '
  - earn $4766 in two days ..just by copying this campaign '
ark of the covenant revealed long and sweet   '
neues video und bilder von emma watson als burberry-model   '
music review | boston early music festival   '
  ojas este festival de cortos   '
playing around with iphone 3.0 , not worth buying for ipod touch ! get it free here :   '
warning graphic video rt   (expand) they start shooting people and it is captured in this video ! '
  dann muss man auch alternative ausbildungen besser frdern . beispielsweise schulische berufsausbildung auch die in privater hand ! '
more on disrupting class -   -- very thought-provoking book with powerful ideas for change . '
so sorry i lost this cd . ok , i know i said alot of other stuff was good before but ... this is good ... too ;d   ~8jzqt '
  i mean thanks to them , well and to you for posting it ... lol but i think it's more can he help her make a career not the other way "
this guy is awesome ..don't forget by     "
report : all twitter users names starting with "qpr" i .e. qpr 313 are secret police (confirmed) tehran iran neda please rt '
for a few friends that were . no more . life goes on . yes .   ~8crgb '
=>> rt   4 '
9 voor informatierecht opdracht xd '
almost tempts me to take up hard liquor . :-) rt   murray rothbard /enemy of the state flask !   '
new alice in wonderland photos released :   '
iran detains some local staff at british embassy (ap)   '
  that's , like , totally pish . "
  dl & rt k-beta - sammiches ---   -- honest feedback ! '
the digital bookmobile is on its way to for upcoming events in durango , buena vista , and more .   '
rt   pick u up were ? dads or yours ? well text me after den ! love u sis !   '
  thnx for rt on james lovelock . good to learn of your green mba program .   '
another holier than thou christian repub goes down in flames because of an extramarital affair .."whoa nellie " is the saying of the day !.. '
my daily twittascope -   '
via   - google : we've made a breakthrough in image search   "
rt   poll : ubuntu vs centos - what do yo choose ? <-- ubuntu '
my stomach is churning like i did something horrible , but i cant tell for the life of me how i made that conversation die . '
foreclosure listing florida real estate | everything you need to ...: a short sale is a homeowner that foreclosu ..   '
  no but you can't let people take advantage either ...if they would have come to you and told you it would be different "
10 :29 pas de cocane dans le red bull cola   '
is the run of last week going to be repeated today ? green star alternative energy (otc: gsae )   $gsae '
  try   site   - it's fabulous ! "
really ? now there are like 100 planes going by and shaking the hotel ! im going crazy b /c i havent heard 1 in the past 14 hours ! til now ! '
  you , fo sho ! '
this is a test of the twitter account for st . matthew's episcopal church , louisville , ky "
rt   : perfect pitch on every note . held those notes longer than ever b4 ! better than slc . best performance by anyone ever ! luv him !! '
allinone-bangalore : fly high with low fares   '
rt   : russell simmons to jojo -'he has a higher note he wants you to play ' damn that's deep ! i thought that "
and then god took billy mays ...   there's gonna be no one left ! "
  no sweat , everythings working now '
my daily twittascope -   '
  tb precisa de diploma ? '
holy shit , pvp has been funny lately ! what trickery is this ?!   '
just starting my twitter '
breaking news : mj's autopsy showed he was taking prescription drugs .   "
il ritorno delle eroine punk : slits , primo album dopo quasi 30 anni   '
  isn't it crazy how that happens ? "
2 character domains very cheap !!!   '
rt :   : 50 + new and beautiful free wordpress themes -   '
rt     i have my ob apt on monday ... i've had a few pretty bad headaches :( so im just resting up .... "
  are you going to try and apply somewhere ? '
senate commerce committee is looking whether exclusive wireless contracts stifle competition .   '
rt   : google adds a insight dashboard to local business center   - could help me serve the local bizzes . '
rt   the u .s. is up on brazil 2 -0??? wtf . u .s is so whattefuck ! '
get 100 followers a day using   '
try to fire your metabolism .. get your free trial thermothin plus with acai   '
rt   h1n1 a pandemic (@whonews) oh &s issues reminder on best practices to prevent flu spread + business planning   '
is this the bet awards or justo's mixtape awards ?? the level of ghetto just escalated tremendously "
the print partners web site has launched !   '
vandaag : connected class room   '
wore her slippers to school today . '
rt   :hope b .e.t. don't overdue this tribute "
. . rt :   : rt , ;;;   : rt   '
[-o] but , i know i will be happy anytime .. and i'm happy i'm alive , but sometimes i wish i'd by him .. sitti ..   "
the fruit fly : the 40 th anniversary of gay pride : green frogs , fat pink pigs and the holy sanctity of marriage ..   '
(andaluca) ciencia-tecnologia ,ambiente-naturaleza - abc .es: teleprensa world (andaluca) ciencia-tecnologia ,ambi..   '
rt   mother cat teaching kittens 2 eat by having gourmet headless snake by the door .send cockatiels here for quick recycling . '
ultimate and nature walks with the thrill kids before heading to tpp ! '
autoexpress : lamborghini gallardo lp550 -2 spied : lamborghini's secret new gallardo lp550 -2 has been ..   "
rt : oh .   there is no battery in an iphone . it runs on steve jobs willpower ! (via   ) '
rt   : les "ftes" de grippe a ne sont pas une bonne ide ...   '
i am making vegetable soup :] '
rt   : said by doc coyle in this month \'s guitar world "i don \'t care about impressing uptight , close minded metal heads ... '
esta acabando o 1 o tempo mas o inter ainda vira ....... '
ok everyone i need forces 2 ban together bc it looks like rain and it can't rain today bc of graduation !!! "
so hot . but powering through , with the thought of ladies night ahead . '
hey   hahaha (gamertag radio live >   '
all this hard work and come to find out my thyroid is not working so i am fighting against still losing weight though slowly but losing . '
part 5 internet marketing with , seo , youtube , myspace , facebook ...   '
help us serve those who serve us ! uso supports the us troops in iraq and afghanistan through donations   '
  hahaha nem sei o q ganha haha !! massagem no ego eh sempre bom =] '
littleshine :-d   '
rt   : campanha go1500 !   : faltam s 16 ajuda a ! d um rt pls ! '
extra bases &gt;&gt; pedro to rays ?   '
  - perez hilton posted this on his site and then quickly removed it before michael died '
  ' booa tarde . =d "
rt   following   '
great things going on in the major league soccer arena . going to cover those as soon as we get things together . '
whale meat trade increases , despite ban (afp): afp - despite being officially illegal , the international trade i ..   '
rt   : hulaaaaaaa .......mlm kmana ?   '
rt   :                   '
fiddling with my blog post : applying falsa lashes (   ) '
omg i need to eat at red lobster like i need it ! lol '
sub .diggerplus finally makes digg &#39;s social network useful ; too bad ...: given digg &#39;s moves today to furt ..   '
new blog post : girl have fun with dad   '
photo : lexi belle is a senior that plays on the varsity team but got hurt . her injury is holding her back and ...   '
neu im bubbleboy : fr einen steuerfinanzierten nahverkehr   '
    - urghs , war das in deiner wg ? '
"he who hesitates is lost ." proverb . '
  lol '
  rt_dricobacana hein !http://www.toxel.com/inspiration/2009/06/16/silhouettes-made-from-vinyl-records/ '
i just added myself to   twitter directory under '
  at least he will never get a bad back or a bruised knee etc '
i just took the "which rock star are you ?" quiz and got : bruce springsteen ! try it :   '
social media strategy for business | web design and internet marketing   '
poonam jhawer's super hot show **unseee*:   "
rt   :   you flip-flopped on doma   //the time is now '
  you must be bored '
time for you to make a quatumleap :     '
what is the best body building supplement ? | body building supplements   '
costureira ... '
rt   : i was a dem , until last month . i'm so embarsed and frustrated i went repub . obama , you are killing us . and u lov it ! "
  what you leave houssse ? '
    - "bald" kann eine sehr lange zeit sein - aber weihnachten mit strand verbunden macht doch hof ... '
  she died today ?! wow . '
rt   developing story -- nbc washington puts # of injured at more than 100 . all now removed from wreckage :   '
  lol ! we both had the same idea ! '
hello tweeple .. how are you today ? '
aff ... amanh prova :)... tudo bem neah ? '
  it will bounce back on them .... their guest will be very upset .. '
rt   it's national forgiveness day and national creamy praelines day ! trying to figure out a connection here ... "
great free streaming video of the u .s.-brazil fifa final cup here :   '
outing -   '
i just read an interesting post   '
rt   : biz tip : difficult customers will define your character . '
oh you are a naughty , naughty person ... with no willpower '
joyce chua is lady gaga (pronounced as gah-gah which means daring in hokkien )!!! '
12 :18 - non structure going   (region 14 ) '
never followed anything before just sitting here hoping it's worth it "
  '
rt   : arrl field day in the national spotlight   '
blackberry for sale - blackberry curve 8900 unlocked - go to   '
thanks for the reminder rt   : last pushing daisies tonight and my accompanying profile of swoosie kurtz   '
  the fitness world 24 on douglas in urbandale is awesome . never been denied a machine , and it's cheaper than the y . "
  how would we know , we've never seen it applied . "
rt   vraagt zich af wie er achter anne zit ? een nieuwe digitale zender voor "vlaamse" muziek ...   '
rt   21 best for hand drawn style   '
  how is big 'ol texas treating ya ???? "
good meeting everyone , next step : yard sale saturday and sunday ! someone come buy our crap ! '
what font is this called ? random '
make sure you watch itv 4 tonight ! boxing girlz will be at the big fight ! '
rt   : 40 + helpful resources on user interface patterns   *extremely useful '
  no fique deprimida !! '
today at 1 pm pst /4pm esti will be a guest on this week in startups with jason calacanis   call or tweet questions '
rt stevepohlit increase thier income   and you will be paid well '
>> jinan refinery polymer product prices as of 25 th june 2009 : jinan refinery prices of pp as of 25 th j ..   '
gunner pt fish farm zoning approved , yorke island denied by strathcona rd '
the palms resort : crop over special - us $75.00 per night : us $75.00 per night based on single /double occupancy . c ..   '
'
    '
c0me on in and let me sh0w you how fun and loving i can be .   '
if you maintain any websites , check this video : matt cutts (google) reviewing sites and answering questions   '
rt - get hundreds of new followers free -   '
  i wish you would have got wayne ellington '
lego   '
at my cuzin baby shower . '
omg high school musical 2 is on tv here on the ship . omgomg . what time is it ?!? '
rt   : flies shut down chicago coffee shop   '
get 2 copies of my cd when you order 1 . great for preschools , daycares , mops & more !     '
  spent the last hour wandering through the greatness of geeksugar . keep up the goodness ladies .   '
  no fear ! i'll show you the seven names of god , babe ! "
mindfulness : the best bang for your buck , part i   | rt   '
does anyone really believe that iran ever had a '
09   '
morning people :d '
  duck !! i love ducks !! '
  haha :) any word from cali yet ?! '
rt   :   // // '
  hope you have fun !! good luck . '
boombang you lil bitch ! lool '
estou me entupindo de uvas auihauihauiahuiah '
  what know about fresno ma that's where i used to live i am goin to move back from miami hey wanted to know "
twolvesblog wolves updates 6 /16: from chad ford /espn: draft-buzz roundup : what we'r ..   "
google wave developer blog : 1 wave sandbox , 5 hours , 17 awesome demos   '
dia improdutivo hj , preciso de inspirao haha , '
oh , isn't twitter great ? thx for sharing ! "
update : air quality a concern from butte tire warehouse fireposted on june 11   '
train to be a gas engineer   '
mikey :( '
where's my monsoon season ? supposedly started on june 15 th (according to weather .com) but i've yet to see a single storm !! i want my storms ! "
persian leather ... loving this group   ~92ecr '
    - slam that boy '
hello click   for my ssweet pics ! - they will want you to register '
in my last hour at work and then a 4 hour drive up north for the weekend ! '
rt   : an expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field -niels bohr '
rt   follow ...>>>>>@peterfacinelli ! '
wants /needs more sleep '
yeay ! i signed up tweetsg , sms to sg number to update my twitter profile -   '
bsfa /sf foundation joint agm day , featuring talks , panels , and the agms for both organisations . 27 th june 2009 .   '
  either they know me , or i \'m a bad influence , or a little of both . inside : "and a beer in the other hand " '
final fantasy xiv online playstation preview 2009   '
encalhadas mais felizes n guria ? ausdhaushd '
ro nal do ! '
  "russia ... concerned by iran use of force " without russia , iranians would be unarmed & still herding goats for a living . '
  hope liam made it through the blueberries without any "problems" '
rt   : gobierno mexicano confirma que la canciller de lleg a mxico '
zeitrafferin : windows 7 erscheint genau eine woche (22.10.) vor ubuntu karmic koala (29.10.). (inf..   '
wish it was alredy august ... '
  jajajajajaja trckytroso : ) '
what time is the open call for dc ? '
  packing ? where you going ? '
updated page about nicaragua at   '
  '
wat is het toch moooi op het terras van de vooruitgang in eindhoven   '
omg im trying sooo hard to write but im not inspired =[ '
volquest (rivals) >> hialeah duo makes unlikely visit   '
rt   : mingpaocom () 3 [07:12]: 325.6 '
i am happy   '
'
andere website : gevonden : kat gezien (noord holland )   '
please help us get to 100 fans on facebook so we can claim a facebook url for our page   '
rt ~~~!     - [] ..? '
my daily twittascope -   '
rt   : : diana multi-pinhole operator camera by lomography helps you take puke-inducing pictures   '
chanel : a life cut on the bias - scotland on sunday   '
director of nursing - sava senior care - tx - houston (http://tinyurl.com/mrjm44) careerbuilder '
rt   : hd trailer rachel mcadams , eric bana - time traveler's wife :   "
fluorescent adolescent by arctic monkeys   '
happy friday ! working on the pr pieces for my native american project , then off to a media plan meeting for adassa . lovely day ! '
    '
pffft ! back to it ! have a good afternoon y'all xxx "
waking up in helen   '
'
    it's up !!!!   doc & dave "
trail blazers podcast >> 06.24 .09 trailblazers .com podcast   '
  oh , you'll have to teach me that one . i can't finish anything .... "
blackberry curve 8330 phone , pink (verizon wireless )   '
i just took the "who\'s your fave celebrity !!!" quiz and got : which song is best ?! try it :   '
  what happens in vegas stays in vegas ... use promo code vip 7771   '
2   '
  yeah . of course not . it figures . '
news bold and brilliant garden   '
sigam o exemplo   '
tsonga : " que des bons souvenirs "   '
can we really be addicted to the internet ?   .... know i am :o) '
i am sittin ' on da coach , doin ' nothing ... "
i just updated my squidoo page : proverbs as affirmations /   '
listening to : ja rule feat . ashanti - always on time   '
via googlereader leader limbaugh : chalk one up to obama , dnc : a thinly-veiled and loosely concer ..   '
forex news - a bit later than expected - but the dollar should rally today : im not really surprised ..   '
lol wtf . this is amazing :   '
taxing entrepreneurs makes things worse except this guy driving a bugatti veyron 16.4 (msrp $1.5m)   '
rt   out this guitar , crazy papercut !   so impressive - i agree , so beautiful '
new blog post : need help with web site promotion & internet marketing ?   '
guide dog school helps the blind and the planet   '
2009 /06/15 :[]42codeseek cltwindows 7 rc ->   '
8 (8) (gx)...   '
soulja boy should be every up and coming artist role model on how to get in the game via the web   '
is trying to find the coolest job to do from home , help ! '
utv announces release dates till march 2010 - news : utv motion pictures has lined up an unparalleled release sl ..   '
bpa - newsweek article when studies collide   rt   : rt   : '
rt   interessados freela assistente para equipe de gravao : fernanda   .com.br '
sissa look it's ourr glasses :)   "
'
rt   : john elkington : nike cut csr staff from 50 to 2 . maybe a good sign they're internalizing , rather than compartmentalizing "
spywareblaster   '
"dance lyk no one is watching , love lyk u \'ll never be hurt , sing lyk no one is listening , and live lyk it \'s he ...   '
  - finally , after awakening , he decided to cure his hangover with a cardboard cut out cock to the forehead . '
lukasvandykejust posted thursday's photos from !         "
rt   : 11 followers away to 1000 ! who's it gonna be ? "
  -   7 /09 moschino safety pin belt . are you ready to "rock" this trend for fall ? '
      will carefully package leftover chocolate in tupperware and send w /   to '
gotta work all day and all night . contemplating picking up a shift on sun . '
  lmao !!! true tho ... '
rt   : come downtown tomorrow at the union for lunch . there will be a great fashion show there with our clothes ! '
  im here ! '
verifique sus contactos , algunos son follow spam ; si quiere puede eliminarlos manualmente o aydese con   '
politische karikatur von oliver schopf mit dem iphone   '
rt   : all i wanna do is watch family guy '
bankructy case manager   '
job lead : bus dev - wealth management / diverse markets at financial services company (camp hill , pa ): ..   '
yeah , i just read this whole page ...   '
i just attacked   and won .   '
rt   : new arm chips headed for iphone , palm pre ?   //iphone wont use new chips until new battery tech was found '
2010 fifa world cup mascot photos   '
  te amo xu '
rt   : i love thunderstorms ... something about them kinda turn me on ... lol '
feel like buying the best of michael jackson cd . '
nyt klassisk byrace i rhus   '
rt   : latest blog shares the successes of bbc blast . its seriously worth checking out .   '
blog bangladesh : dancing in the rain : today we rested . it was needed . we rose for breakfast at nine and met ..   '
" '
forex trading tool - this will make you $$$ guaranteed !   '
no uses and abuses . protective walls all around . '
yikes , that rr took longer to write than the race . macgyver moments take time to explain - vic half iron race report @   '
  thanks for the rt ! '
check this video out -- coldplay - shiver   '
icon my lil secret crush lol =) you know a lot of girls be ...........thinkin my aways ,are about dem ..........this i $ not 2 get konfused ... '
bailamotv on youtube . see the episodes of sexy porn-theater . the bailamo crew made some comedy :   '
nokia bh -212 bluetooth headset $6.99ar free shipping at buy .com: buy .com coupons   '
  con quien peleas ? '
really sh !t music in the office today ... '
  back in mi again ??? '
yum , just made the nicest banana smoothie ! '
repo homes listings grow with (foreclosure listings ) delays in ...: the houses of a growing number of small busi ..   '
go tag yourself   '
[]   '
rt   : rt   rt   #             '
rt   : the real housewives of nj , dressed to kill (each other ):   '
a casa , ora cazzeggiamo insieme *__* '
natural weight loss treatment , and is exactly what people have been waiting for !http://bit.ly/n4heu '
  follow         '
finally recooped frm a great night last night ! '
arrumar malas , ir na autoescola , ir no salo , pegar dinheiro ,tudo isso amanh de manh , bem vindo ao mundo dos que deixam td pra ultima hora '
bem vindos           '
"i just can \'t stop loving you ". one of my favourite mj ballads . '
how long do you think it will take brands to realize that traditional push messaging doesn't marry well with social media ? "
veterans fight to keep 75 -yr. old mojave desert memorial cross   - posted 1 month ago - but needed for 4 th july '
nieuw artikel : nieuwe marsrover curiosity krijgt grootste hitteschild ooit gebouwd   '
why lmt forex formula is not a scam . i hardly ever recommend a fx product . all my robots went in the bin , this works   '
iran 'must free uk embassy staff '   "
spain usa live streaming   '
  all of those people you mentioned get people talking , maybe it has to do with what it gets people talking about & in what way . '
  ()   '
:   '
i can actually tolerate jimmy . conan is dry . '
  - my mom and me !!!...appears that this mad , but it's just that the light bothers you ... i love you too mummy !!! "
i'm starving ... time for a lunch break =} "
rt   : museum of flight is opening wwii fighter pilot exhibit tomorrow ...check it out !   '
had to jump off the twittertrain . the rt's started annoying the heck out of me ...aside from not seeing 100 's of new followers . i'm shocked ! "
i see so much inspiration this day , that's beautiful , having your mind on god and speaking about him and his word is how to live life .. "
rt   : rt excited abt obama \'s "new govt health care "? well c how it works 4 natives 1 st :   (via   ) ;o( '
my heart is broken .. rip michael jackson '
my daily twittascope -   '
did i leave my eyes in your pussy ? because i see me on it '
  saw a girl wearing a supermini like that at the supermarket yesterday . is this fad coming back ? rt     '
ok '
whoo ! through and through and through ! rt   sir paul mccartney has chosen joel plaskett to open for him this summer in halifax . '
rt   : oh em gee .. this cracks me up idk y '
rt   : the effects of a smokey environment on someone with cystic fibrosis :   '
everyone follow   '
  - how sexy ... *) (got to study ! well ... jobro speak english !) '
  tell campo he looks like an absolute james blunt ! '
monopoly boys are takin our spot back ! we are the fuckin bronx ! '
trade counter / inwards goods dubbo , nsw 2830 an advertiser in dubbo daily liberal trades and services   '
atheist websites blocked at a fourtune 500 company ...   '
" - !": ,   '
  mencken's attacks ...okay...whoa...what did i say to warrant this clever and educated salvo ...for i am eager to respond ... "
  your oh so welcome ! buy yourself something with it ! '
please mr . postman ! here's my postcard :   "
check out the review i did for minsk's new album at the mishka bloglin   "
making something to eat ...then sleep . '
zacherys blog blog archive luxury home plans 101 : there are a variety of beautiful luxury home plans to choo ..   '
  t assistindo o gg , linda ? '
  your best source is going to be here :   '
selling my apple ipod 160 gb on ebay .de, only 3 hours left and the price is 78 euros ! bid for it !   '
constructeur / tekenaar : utrecht , netherlands milabs b .v. tue , 30 jun 2009 07 :16:35 -0700   '
  har vrt p rett sted til rett tid og ftt bilde av superyachten "a hamilton " p vannet :))   '
i dont know what i wanna do when i grow up . i wanna be a well rounded person who has experience in everything '
view my iwallflower .com drawing at   '
wonder if the husband is willing to have a 50 mile commute . '
reading "the authority " then off to angie \'s house ! '
taking an iced cappuccino break ....yummy. now , back to the diva phone ! '
* 2009 -06-26: commit by svn :: r23858 /trunk/version.h: (link) 2009 -06-26   '
i'm the golden compass by philip pullman -   "
first & partial second round u .s. open championship notes ...   '
  rt   : we're in the trending topics ! rob d ., start shaving your backside ! team carlisle :p "
why she married him - his story of a trip to the red light district -   '
faculty job openings at indian institute of technology ( iit ) bhubaneswar , orissa   '
just added myself to the   twitter directory under : '
no hay pagina de sub : no hay pagina de sube !!!   '
guide to dating for parents :   '
    '
listenin to sum good ol ' michael jackson music "
  rt   so we the rofls and our slogan is omfg like the jonas brothers ! :)) i love it all i gotta do is wear a mullet ! '
rt   cantadas estpidas , tolerncia zero :   '
rt   : why is it always "gonna be alright ..." if it was 10 min ago , we wouldn \'t be here . exactly '
cuomo sues retirees over old spill on their land   '
dvd [dvd]   '
  - picking plums for plum jam . (cam took the pic . thanks   !) '
at bitty's house with sara then maurie's laterrr "
posted a new song : "deep in the galaxy "   '
navigation   '
out at hard rock cafe for krystal's bday "
eu apoio : rt   vou dirigir at itu s pra trocar a plaquinha em que se l "a fazenda " por "apae". '
ah , the memories . interesting reading : giving up my ipod for a walkman -   '
raekwon ft mop & kool g rap - ill figures   '
rt   : "outflanking her enemies " is my blog entry today .   '
is super worried about her job ....and the not having one '
if n900 looks like this (http://ping.fm/yxoju) couldn't it be on of this (http://ping.fm/k63kr) ?? "
!: ..   '
  veel gestelde vraag , mijn pres   gemaak in   '
real time search on mobile device ...isnt mobile device more proactive '
defense leaders stress importance of social networking : by bob brewin 06 /19/2009 the widespread use of social ne ..   '
mr . and mrs . frank black's new project . [grand duchy - fort wayne ]   ~8nef6 "
[sexy discount ] masturbateur vagin "fleshlight": masturbateur hyper raliste , force de succion r ..   '
hoy nos visit el colegio de ass de maip en la sala interactiva de fundacin telefnica '
rt www .eutenhocerteza.com.br '
back from a week at lakeside on lake erie , a family tradition almost for forever . love that place . rented a cozy and cute cottage '
rt   :   via   // '
rt   : rt   : ) .   3 . :) '
the wine &#39;s still flowing , but from cheaper bottles : the maryland-based chain has been a major force in the ..   '
yeni seyvettik : patinaj : patinaj   '
  - dang what a storm !!! '
my axe iz my buddy , i bring him when i walk me and my axe will leave your head outlined in chalk my axe is my buddy , '
'
rt         unfassbar was sich die hier erlaubt '
was about to bitch slap the flight attendant . no one talks to me like that , especially when i'm sick . "
  - of course , i'm talking from the historical viewpoint - religion has always been an excuse to be a raging *bleep* for some . "
take this ride , specially if you feel down ...   '
i uploaded a youtube video -- technology : where's my flying car , and has anyone figured out how to get ...   "
has done a fair bit of revision today and also a fair bit of smoking :| oh well it all ends tomorrow so i can focus on drinking . :d '
beret + black leather fanny pack +   = fashionista '
  of course i remember . it was heinold's .   iirc , you didn't have anything to drink . ..   "
just ordered from the pita pit on campusfood .com   '
  ahahaha , me too ! :d so coooooool ! (: must've took em a longgg time to make those hearts ;d "
rt : papervision ,away3d or alternativa 3 d ? which one to choose ?: papervision ,away3d or alternativa 3 d ? which one ..   '
victim says serial robber is on a blood thirst : a clerk affectionately known as grandma was the victim of a se ..   '
  dane cook ! '
: when it comes to acing interviews , the key word is preparation . if you think you can just show up to an interv ..   '
battlefield : bad co . 2 - e3 09 : patrick bach interview hd   '
a building fucking collapsed a block down from me !   '
  i know you love chick-fil-a breakfast , but i do not . no more ! '
could this lead me to my next job ? sure as hell hope so :   '
rt   : airstream has launched a model for the british market   '
men of war : red tide (25/06/2009-11h53): gameinfo   '
  - '
halott az jsg s a tv - online a jv ?   '
aahh ...watched angels and demons ...b4 release ......yippeee.!! '
tem tanta gente descnecessaria no meu orkut !!!!! '
  u take ya ass to sleep .. n its to late for fruity pebbles ... wat ya life like ?? get sum real food !! lol '
  thanks for the retweet :) '
just posted on activerain : the eviction procedure : when & how to file eviction   '
1966 mustang gt350 ...happiness!!!   '
rt   are you having trouble getting followers ? here is the best solution   '
oxygen premieres new dance show - pittsburgh post gazette   '
  i felt like punching my mum in the face , seriously '
rt   : rt   : nice read : customers given too many choices are 10 x less likely to buy -   '
rt   :   ... crap . lol ! oh goodness '
meu corao ... - muffinigans : dear heart , you may begin beating again .   '
i wish more people would twitter right now . sad and alone here in cyberspace . '
dj bozilla jetzt auf   '
rt   info on how to help iranians from overseas   power to the people ! '
check this link ->   '
rt   weird news : police find woman's head , arms in man's freezer   "
www .myspace.com/jay_jay98 '
  '
california law freezes foreclosures , burns servicers   '
  if the walls are high enough and there is no gate - then the sign should say "however you managed to get in ; there is no way out now !" '
short term forecast issued june 28 at 4 :34pm mdt expiring june 28 at 6 :15pm mdt by nws boulder     '
rt   : oh mann ... colaweizen is so 80 er ... ja , absolut '
faculty computer networking - westwood college - ca - los angeles (http://tinyurl.com/r9wtxn) careerbuilder '
rt "i\'m a great believer in luck and i find the harder i work , the more i have of it " - thomas jefferson . so true .   '
  '
  '
rt   :   '
  via   briefly cut off in china '
  '
only 15, student confronts military-backed political repression in ...   '
  bahahaaha ! me , jade , and rick road backroads ! my updates from last night r prob very silly ! '
watch me do what i do at   started : wed , 20 :20 pdt '
made me wanna get up on my desk and break it doooown boi - rt   ://www.vimeo.com/5370934 bang bits '
rt   tf '
: supervisor quality control i - ashland consumer markets / valvoline - ashland inc . - ashland - deer ..   '
recommended   to   'o canal de comunicao e interao ! e apenas aqui tem a equipe dos sonhos ...'   "
off to see saatchi new director showcase next . should be good as always '
craigslist bitch slaps tinyurl -   '
missed children's fest day at summerfest ? see it all here :   "
about to get ready to chill with the fam some more at the double tree bout to get it crackin lol '
pos eso !!! rt   : este tio fue un genio , con todo lo que ello conlleva   mj '
si carga la pagina ...solo carga el header ..! '
norah jones e jude law (um beijo roubado ) '
#   for sure - that gas in the abs is rougher than the stuff i pop into my chevy pickup tank &     '
control sciatica before it controls you -   '
invites you all to see us 'not in our booth ' at infocomm 2009 in orlando ! explanation at :   "
i just wounded   in an assassination attempt .   '
  - ken chlouber and a beautiful lady ..ken conducted the wedding ceremony and is race director of the leadville 1 ... '
shares   (underwater fantasy ii )   '
  . omfg can u be more ignorant they don't all profit it there are other costs and wtf who cares !!! "
check this video out -- tehran ,today,22 june   rt rt '
innovation fuels consolidates ny offices   '
new blog post : waiting out a freight train . i consider this free time :)   '
rt   : amazing ! nite at prime     n me th life of the party patron coffee i need a check - lmao ... u really do ! '
"i need to get some antacid ." "mayonase?" "no..." "zantax?" "no! antacid ." "oh!" '
starting up a tumblr .   anyone else have one ? '
how long does billy murray spend in groundhog day ?   '
anonimo dice : se ha jodido el aire acondicionado en mi agencia y estoy sudando como un pollo   '
11 giugno - roma . sit in solidariet con popoli indigeni amazzonici video rome solidarity rally   '
  '
  la times says he passed at 5 :20 '
3 '
  my name is christopher and i live in district 9, one of 1000 's exploited by mnu . check out my blog at   "
rt   "do not go where the path may lead , go instead where there is no path and leave a trail ." - ralph waldo emerson '
my daily twittascope -   '
great video from shepar farley's work >>   "
retraction : mesquite bean class is tomorrow '
  - loads of new stuff added to my ebay '
    '
rt     spalin rocks !! '
new music video for our song , "sorry me " is up on youtube ! check it out !   '
akkort estem , hogy fel kellett volna venni xd vrzik a tarkm xdddd bazz s mindezt david miatt xd '
crikey , just heard of someone's friend dying of a heart attack ...he was 25 .life's precious tweeps , live it . xx "
  mel and michelle '
show support for democracy in iran add green overlay to your twitter avatar with 1 -click -   '
from gogol bordello to bill cosby '
  rt   : ... .. ? // , . .;; '
new release by wang changcun in post-concrete !   '
wooo hooo arguing at at last '
  hey guys , are we going to see you out there in this ysl collection ?   and , girls , do we want to ? '
back to the gym '
  *hes '
rt   : dang . fluery deserves a ginormous amount of cash and hookers for that final minute . wow-ie ... (via   ) '
rt   quanto mais energia positiva melhor ! '
  that i would be where i am with all this good love and positive energy ! i have a godchild now . she's 7 . her mom is great ! "
  safari 4 is pretty cool i was using it yesterday it is quicker than before '
jeffboat reaches safety milestone : jeffboat , the manufacturing division of american commercial lines inc . has cloc ..   ... '
rt     iran's disputed election . there are no words for whats happing :(   "
firing up the page , please join and post !   '
stephen hester , chief executive of royal bank of scotland , which is 70 % taxpayer-owned , is expected to get a p ..   '
trade expo : industrial products , spares , goods & supplies : malaysia : asean elenex : 15 -jul-2009: date :..   '
updating my blog ! :) '
a prxima exposio j est sendo montada - "4 ilustradores " - abertura neste sbado - 14 h -   '
how did people who exploit the environment in the way gunns does get in a position of power . makes me want to rule the world ! i will 1 day .. '
to have a love for music , is like having harmonized air to breath . '
at the office thinking about how busy i'm going to be this week ...my other half gets back today , why am i sooooo happy already !? lol . "
wara : bolivia abre las puertas de la embajada boliviana en suecia : ... una salida democrtica a ese proceso lleg ..   '
rt   shalit back home ? best news for a long time   amen . '
4000 " " - . '
so if i beat a woman all i gotta do to get outta trouble is rack some leaves ? '
my birthday tomorrow !!!! :d '
no i won't go out with u tonight call that fugly broad who's on ur dick . lol i gotta better prospects . that can pay their own way . booyah ! "
no rubber dick ... that is real .   '
hey   wooooooooow (seankingstontv live >   '
enciclopdia nordeste apresenta a biografia do rbitro manoel amaro de lima , o que apitou o milsimo gol de pel .   '
  lose lots-o - klondike bars from the budget .....maybe if i cut the .....water! '
networkers : here's a way to eliminate stacks of biz cards and create a self-building address book .   "
: accountant (w/m) (m/w)   '
  isso s vezes ajuda ^^ '
learn more : twouble with twitters : supernews !   '
springplace , building 1410, coventry , west midlands - on application for lease : designed in a contemporary styl ..   '
iran women : rt   time magazine piece on "neda," penned by robin wright   '
my daily twittascope -   '
  / hey there i think you are having way to much fun ! how's it going ? i finally joined . :-) "
ist verliebt &lt;33 '
  ...so true .... '
holy cow the is good . interactive map of "core principles for public engagement "   (via   rt   ) '
rt :   : as the 40 th anniversary of the apollo 11 moon landing nears , check out this terrific new book and photos :   '
brein :the art of protecting the creative . het is zeker een kunst om je als stichting steeds weer zo belachelijk te maken .tinyurl.com/m85ssj '
apparently , that rule is nationwide - for checks by referencing companies . i need to work for 6 months (to rent a place so i can work ...) :( '
blogged ... greasy grimes - old maid mini-prints collaboration : working on a collaboration for a series ..   '
wow . awesome . i'm glad this is over .   "
ummm ihop sound goood i want that . . . '
"if it sounds like fun "...yeah right !! sign up to be a fig tree club fun-haver !!   blogging \'fig tree club \'   '
douglascastletnnwbuz because your mom wou : because your mom would be proud - the national ne ..   '
from waff 48 news : testimony begins in christie scott trial   '
rting myself   did u know u can rt yourself too ? '
  thanks ! maybe i will write another mellow story . g'night night . :) "
demi lovato is in ct right now ! i wonder which hotel ...? lol '
rt   pictures of the riots going on in tehran right now as not seen on cnn   '
i just took the "which cellphone are you ?" quiz and got : iphone ! try it :   '
  big big shots lol '
on some boring weekend , i am going to re-write filttr core in lolcode   '
  aww thanks love let me kno when u have a show too '
if spammers are going to follow me , the least they can do is click my examiner link :   '
crime imperdoavel o balla foi-se . mas sob o embalo de outro balla ramos sentados no cho como loucos . ttulo : ramos 5 . '
    thanks so much for the rt ladies ! makes me happy to think i'm not just talking to myself : ) appreciate it "
  .. good moanin to ya gorgeous .... back ta grind time now huh .... '
senior project manager - think energy group - pa - philadelphia (http://tinyurl.com/nfm2dv) careerbuilder '
  - yep '
new office & learning center address : 120 n . otterbein ave . westerville , oh 43081 (614) 882 -6787 - main (614) 474 -8613 - fax info   .biz '
  u said you would be fine !! but you are not !!!!:( samm !! i'm worried !!!:( "
  - '
new post : golf review - mizuno mx -700 driver , fairway , hybrid woods   '
rt   : "i\'m not your average 19 -year-old. i \'ve seen a lot in my 19 years . i \'m man enough to handle what is about to come ," k . garnett , ... '
    - remember there is speed limit on the lake now so take it easy as you cross ! :o) '
plays spore . '
  here you go mike   '
finialy got sum time to check out my t .bugz, wats good with ya '
send auto tweets according to category of your intrest .   '
christian groups continue to fight gay marriage in d .c.   '
rt   we won ! we r representing the usa in the world finals in london england on sept 11 th !! dedicated to mj foreal !!! god bless ! '
espn just sent a release with espn's plans for world cup 2010, including a nightly show , on-site programming . in response to what i wrote ? "
rt   no h nada mais equivocado do que ter certeza . '
rt   check it out ! review of   for the iphone mommies out there :0)   '
  rt   boa o sergio soffiatti eh o melhor produtor do planeta ...bandas e artistas cnhecam esse cara '
  (via   ) '
rt   : rt   : laughter is the shock absorber that eases the blows of life '
rt : tymusic   her album is dope i feel proud to be a part of it !!.... let her know if you like it   <---- luv the song '
rt   edno ime imame , vo izvedba na a-ha ;)   '
rt   4 info on current unprecedented protests n iran follow   ,   ,   ,   '
    - my god ! who lives by the positive energy reaaaaally will stay positively young :p '
now relaxing after fitness '
er trtt   '
ed mcmahon died yesterday ?   '
: trouble in paradise   '
news affecting faridabad :   job vacancy sales executive , canvera   '
i swear i shouldn't actually be this close to dying after d of e :l "
remembers the 1 st time i got my 1 st sweet valley kids pocketbook from my mom ... then sweet valley twins , sweet valley high , university ... '
  you rock ! so glad to see you back in a org that can really let you shine ! '
rt   : what's new with you this tuesday ? here's what's new with us !   "
andrew mcmahon and the fray tonight , safe to say that i am in cloud 9 '
rt   tipbs 3 chances to win a 32 gb iphone 3 g s enter now ! | the iphone blog   '
rt   : rt instructions on portable internet anonymity in farsi   via   '
  u cud just say 'no mama i don't wanna go on for ur bday ' lmao that wud be better "
  haha you should . been watching man prettiness on supernatural all week long heh heh '
qui a branche de dvelopper une appli facebook de recommandation de films et de chansons ? j'ai dj le schma de bd :d "
why   shut the fuck up meg now rt that '
  '
'
alba ... 15 /06/09   '
  - sperm or tadpoles ? you decide ! '
maxwell . word ! welcome back . '
rt     : "to move the world we must first move ourselves ." - socrates '
aaw rt   ed mcmahon passed 1 st this week so he can introduce tonights guest . ms .farrah fawcett w /musical guest michael jackson '
  yes , definitely unlocked . we don't lock them at all . you can buy them outright and do as you wish . "
worldstore - top 100 in app store around the world   '
rt     awww you , your babies and the puppy are sooo cute =] <--- thank u !!! '
[blue board ] red bee media (gb): ... name : red bee media country : united kingdom ... have you worked for the out ..   '
still loving steel and canadian financials . first one i love , second one eating me alive in covered calls . '
smokeless 2.0 : are e-cigarettes good e-nough ? (*groan* i know . my apologies .)   '
sat in the car and enjoyed them ; sun is down and it's nicely cool again . life is good . "
roche 85 : this phone is too adictive .   '
its after 12 so i guess i should get dressed ... lol '
rt   to afim de causar no twitter hoje . alias , todo domingo dia da causaria no twitter , nao tem nada pra fazer '
dsl-news : forderung nach regulierung der kabel-netze : die welt-online hat berraschend ein gesprch m ..   '
rt   aeg offering fans to keep their 50 / 75 tickets as memento's ,as supposed to getting a refund = not cool (you're right ) "
  thank you . you may be the only one who downloads it too . '
four hours . one wing . and people telling me that i can't lead . i think i'm going to retire ... "
with kelley and dean and mandy tonic . (@ 501 club in minneapolis )   '
    - que lindo ! *-* caramba , inveja dessa menina , ela foi muito criativa ! parabns , (queria ter ideia ... '
  i have to say the sparrow picture you took is nasty '
  thanks , suprised i got that far really '
who know someone that get apple mac computers ? '
social media's impact on business | the sports info business   "
rt   : woot woo another dolla earned . man what a boring day . just gotta start over tomorrow *sigh* '
rt   talented rappers is what's in style boo !!! who cares about skin tone (plus isnt drake one of most popular rappers out now ?) "
follow the latest world news right on your iphone . choose from 56 international sources . free app   '
  nooooooooooo way !!!!!!!! you are sooooo lucky :) '
new blog post : al b . sure , honey i'm home - been bumping it all morning !! -   "
both .........rt   : what cartoon should soulja boy be on south park or family guy (broadcasting live at   '
rt   : you suuuucckkkk !!   speed this crap up please ! '
where is the sun today ? heading to work - new website hopefully live today !! '
i just took the "wich one of the jobros would you date ?" quiz and got : nick jonas ! try it :   '
psychiatry apss : cognitive behavioral therapy effective treatment for insomnia (cme/ce)   '
volto a trabalhar nesta sexta ! foi sobre isso que escrevi   '
rt   automated forex system trading   --orlandob1192178 '
never knock on deaths door , ring the doorbell and run .   '
does your lys have dogs ? this one sure does .   '
pop quiz !? i hate mr .rice.... ~:{given up }:~ '
unlocking knowledge empowering minds .   beautiful project . free knowledge for everybody . '
avoid ucity area , friends tell me it's flooding fast "
top notch print based tutorials :   '
misslazarou rt :   : bela versao do "blister in the sun " dos violent femmes , pelos nouvelle vague !   '
back online just triggered >http://myspace.com/virtualkirk '
: "56550 1 "(200910) (   ) '
pagaliau prisiruosiau paziureti kas tas twitter'is :) "
settimana internet @ roma : toglietemi tutto , ma non il mio facebook   '
  at the caribe pool . right before "the shucking " '
  it would be great to win the iphone giftcard today ... especially since it's so crappy out "
  fora sarney vai pro partido ppqp (pra puta que pariu ) '
listening to "valio la pena - marc anthony "   ~8ymbi '
exactly when did we sign the contract with our governors surrendering our foundational right to privacy ? i must have missed that meeting . '
rails envy podcast - episode : 06 /24/2009   '
liked "being green : 11 environmentally friendly habits : scientific american "   '
everybody is watching kobe + conan . oh i wish i had a tv :)...hmmm   '
tks ! haha rt   : all e best !! '
rt rafinhabastos mande + o sarney pro inferno ! o demo vai ficar + perigoso c / algum a seu lado apoiando suas decises . '
here it is ! -- fotos del desfile puertoriqueno de 2009 en nueva york con maria santana ...   '
  what do you have going ? '
rt   : ny times op-ed columnist says after 40 years of war , the drugs have won :   '
rt   : thanks everybody who fanned   on facebook . we are now the proud owners of   '
the danger in making a new delicious recipe is ur family keeps asking you to make it over and over again . no more chix tortilla soup , plz !! '
sacramento bee : "stem cell chief \'s exit is long overdue "   '
  how about our billboards ?? (ok, they're fake , but we are still in high school !)   "
reading : "for you overqualified job hunters out there ..." (   ) '
[@svenkubiak]   - das nenne ich mal "ungeschickt" platziert . schalke '
ser ou no ser ?! caralho !!!!! '
if your a business on twitter ? check out this web page we found '9 twitter tips for business '.   has some good advice ! "
resident evil extinction , juno , i am legend , doomsday , black hawk down , weekend at bernies , '
model eva foto richard sinte maartensdijk : fotografie : richard sinte maartensdijk model : eva visagie : juliette d ..   '
walker , donato , mullen head daily news all-city baseball team   '
way to get one back at the turn phil . do it on the back 9 . '
it's gonna take me a while to absorb this .   "
education : student barred from graduation cheers classmates ' success . (san jose mercury news ) story :   "
i'm tired of jamie's singin , and neo's lol "
rt   : when dogs fly : maine canines try their luck at the dockdogs competition , which continues today .   '
[08:37] market talk : ubs start volgen crucell met buy-advies : (dow jones ) - amsterdam (dow jones )--ubs start het   '
  ps si quieres vente , ya viene monch , esta tranquilon , no te creas q es fiestononon , esta rico '
  he's not gonna tell him he's gonna try to hook us up . i'm scared tho ... idk . "
  '
rt   : fox news alert :   '
windows mobile app : mobilenavigator 7 : der mobilenavigator 7 macht aus ihrem windo ..   '
going to pick up don for his first yoga class . '
rt   : still keen to get your opinion on if digital britain's proposals to cure online piracy go far enough to be effective ? ... "
10 :19 pm , sunday 21 st of june 2009 '
in january 2009, 147 million u .s. internet users watched an average of 101 videos per person .   product to video service '
albany mayoral candidate corey ellis responds to potential dec approval of landfill expansion @   '
joe quesada , editor-chefe da marvel .. o cara que acha que manja tudo de hq . fala srio ...   '
taken on 70 th pr /press snapper ! now to keep all busy . so pr peeps , give us a try next time you need photos anywhere uk . pls rt '
debatte und abstimmung zu internetsperren morgen voraussichtl . gegen 17 :40 uhr (45 min .)   '
  not the song bui '
r .i.p. billy mays - this is bullshit .   '
  see you and raise :   '
  belle where are u my love ?! '
  count me in in some form .....preferably the silent 'saint of killers ' type character ..... "
top buchneuheit heute : ratgeber - eckart von hirschhausen - glck kommt selten allein ...   '
  - yes , even ex-cons have got back together with girlfriends and wives after being away for years ! '
riding thomas the tank engine at tweetsie . '
humanitys very existence is hanging in the balance .   '
california high speed rail may have an advantage : it is no surprise that californias bonding authority ap ..   '
  transformers def wasn't a bad movie the critics fuggin up "
your mom called , it's on in milwaukee ! beer , brats , and the lowest fares in town . special deals for four days only :   "
new post : a different kind of tattoo art   '
specials and coupons by versace handbags .http://bit.ly/y2t4i '
if you're sick you get paid , if it's a holiday you get paid , if it's raining you get paid !   "
nl : exvrouw heeft sozawe , moet exman alim . betalen : vraag : dient een man zijn exechtgenote na een scheiding ..   '
foi-se projeto 3, agora proposta de tcc . '
syria plays down uranium find by un nuclear agency -   - action 2 news reports '
rt   : rt   : here's the future of twitter :   - very cool doc "
so sitzung rum . jetzt ein glschen wein !!!! '
rofjol rt morgen begin ik aan het aanpakken van mijn uitstelgedrag (via   ) '
rt   how amazing that this man (tk) can smile at a time like this ! tk is no kyle b thats for sure !! thank god '
bbw model competition :   '
  yeaa ..the chick need to give it up she just made me hella mad w /the video ,&why does it sound like she whisperin not singin '
  rt or should i have said sediment lol '
'
if a couple's not cooking together , they're likely not doing too much together outside the kitchen either rt   awesome quote "
  damn son how do u rt '
join the hype yoooo .   you should definitely vote me , yeah ? cuz im cool xd '
jokeyphone : the youtube of jokes : this post is part of mashables spark of genius series , which highlights a uni ..   '
just picked up an elderly lady who was walking & took her home . it was a god thing . so great ! '
rt   : we preview the preston -- one of samsung's upcoming touchscreen phones in it's new icon range .   "
  ...ok '
  nevamind !!! '
headed to a baseball game with my best friend . it should be pretty fun ! -lb '
  - qu genio del marketing ha parido esta crema con urea ? '
rt   a fly knows a piece of shit when it sees one , right ?!? lmaoooo   '
rt   developing : obama defends defense of marriageact ? | the new civil rights movement   '
:[googlemtime] : ..   '
a steamy romance : brisbane times on track ... (top) the welsh highland railway ; (below) the sister train on the ..   '
  you're very welcome hun , thank you too :))) "
lol , i'm glad i'm not the only one who noticed that i love you , beth cooper is a blatant ripoff of can't hardly wait . "
check out our you tube videos at   '
i just took the "which mcfly members girlfriend could you be ?" quiz and got : tom ! try it :   '
rt   our sister event in healdsburg .-   our sister event in healdsburg .   '
by   nettoreisezeit fr 30 km jetzt 1 h20m . die bahn kommt . #-bahn '
rt   in 1975 a message was sent into space : fonzie going "ayyyy! sit on it ." '
colorado rockies vs . seattle mariners -   '
michael jackson was a special talent ...he was the thriller '
  '
theroot : you'll never eat chicken mcnuggets again :   &lt;&lt;(dammit!) great story , great website . "
la corona sabe a pipi ... esta mas chida la indio ...! '
another new video this week ! - the french defence   filmed in a little cafe in leeds called la cafetiere . '
  . hot damn , girl . you can sing ! great show tonight , i can tell you were having just as much fun as we all were ! :) '
rt   : 30 best photoshop web layout design tutorials -   '
  '
im bout to put the work in , team daniel is so far gone '
'
this is ridiculous . it's time for the world to do something and stop just watching .   (graphic) "
rt :   : '
rt   : social network users reportedly concerned about privacy , but behavior says otherwise   | what security settings ? '
  um travesti ! j falei isso aqui antes 1 '
haha fu chris ^^   '
'
rt   :rt:   : // '
sap ps (project system ) - manager , a &d industry - deloitte - philadelphia , pa   '
rt   : link : irs updates 1040 for 2009 - webcpa   '
rt   : green avatars support democracy in iran ; changing location 2 tehran confuses govment there searching 4 tweeters '
  hope to see you here sexy     (rt) '
did you hear about the new breast augmentation treatment coming soon ? a major development ! i explain it here :   '
interns develop internal police-department web site   '
in case you missed it . my drunk freestyle in vegas .   rt please thanx all '
obama taps major donors as diplomats - president obama has tapped four democratic party donors for ambassadorships   '
  because you are lazy woman !!! haha although with michael the time difference is your excuse !! '
work 9 -2 and hopefully home to take a nap afterwards '
rt   check out my latest webisode on @ revision 3 -it will take you deep into my personal life .   '
  =/ donde andara ese flaco , de seguro trabajando .. si le marco no creo que conteste . bueno haber si aparece al rato . '
reuters - factbox : who is argentine opposition leader de narvaez ?   '
rt   : $11,365,652,939,856.33 '
[news] - carrie prejean will sue if her name isn't cleared   "
  jahahajaahjaaa sacanb sus mejoress armass pero lastimaaa nextt xd '
avoiding firms that prey on troubled homeowners | database of ...: businesses falsely promising to save homeowne ..   '
rt   hobbies , malay kuih recipe cookbook   '
all these other ones are definitely worth doing some strong dd on . '
rob setten ayrlrken -   '
  () (woot)   '
      ahh i see thanks for the info :-) '
rt   :   '
  huh '
i recommend   because ...he has awesome twitpics !!!! '
  - love it , and chef ros mac 'n cheese there is phenomenal . stop by sometime , tell him ahizz sent ya ! happy newsing ! "
rt   : i'd punch perez hilton   "
guess which one of my claims is a lie !   '
rt   : rt   : find twitter users near you with   '
express-firmenauskunft china - bei infobroker .de ab sofort verfgbar -   '
omg check out this site thats getting me 1000 s of followers a day , it actually works unlike other sites :   '
  ja tinhas um iphone ? ou o primeiro ? '
  did you study at oxford university or do you live in oxford ? :) '
  pardon me for kaypo-ing , but i think a massage chair is brill ! not the ginormous ogawa , but a lazyboy . not so ugly . i lurv it . '
lol . tweet me up sound like a drug or some shit . like a fix . '
"if you believe in yourself anything is possible ." - miley cyrus '
  heyy ! happy father's dayy ! hope you have the best day :)! "
fair & honest title loans in atlanta area . share this with your friends . thanks for the help   '
i'm watching kayfizzledizzle's show on   .com, come check it out with me !   "
ugh stop being so cute , it's making it hard to think !!! "
woohoo i found my sunglasses '
9 /17 9 pm noho ?, "thomas kinkade \'s home for christmas "   . your weekly dosage of bad visuals in two media . '
  :( dont see pakistan as a stop on your tour map .. but your   global hug tour sure feels inspiring '
if you have a cracked windshield or broken window from hail in dallas area call glass doctor (972) 271 -6800 or   '
  - efter klippning . tack helena '
rt   mistake proof disneyland family vacation tips :http://is.gd/15dit '
now playing : red swinging - - [cm2 ]   '
sensex down 101 points in early trade   '
rt   : print screen do twitter do pacman   (dica:   ) '
game-winning run in an mlb game yesterday scored because the ball was hard to field . why ? it hit a seagull . '
a night full of musicals :d now onto dreamgirls !! '
published a new post : 3 seconds to grab your internet customer's attention !   "
rt   : tinker .com will be on cnbc at 5 as part of roundup ! '
housework pileup - spend ten minutes every day on something you've been procrastinating about . stop & pat yourself on the back ! "
overcast and 72 f at boston , logan international airport , ma : winds are south at 6.9 mph (6 kt ). the pressure is 1004.8 mb and the humid .. '
video : labyrinth brings tranquility to homestead   '
just saw some fucked up shit . its fuckin hot don't fuckin walk ur dog in this heat without water "
  they need to be typed in one at a time , which is a huge nuisance . '
  ngomongin tentang pas di jonas aja yuu ? haha kan di depan aku si thofan , terus aku disuruh pake kotak lah biar keliatan hahaha '
now showing : martha speaks . (skits tries to outrace a storm .)   '
just found an interesting blog : matrix   '
funny video - video : funny video . watch video about funny ,clips by metacafe .com. ... comments on . funny video . 0 ..   '
zwetend , na een zielig half uurtje lopen langs de rotte . nu ff opfrissen en weer aan de slag '
  this is hilarious ! '
wish i had colored hair . '
a huge fire truck just drove down our teeny tiny one-way street ...what? '
  ok '
  what a great idea ! have you tried the flavored stevias at   ? great in sparking water , better 'n soda ! "
rt   conversations and lasting change   '
up up up and out of the house , must make lunch first though . '
planners , developer at odds over homes   '
  just the messenger . you should apply ! '
five injured in rally car crash   '
so ..morgen is wieder schule , heit : ich geh jetzt schlafen . bis morgen :) '
had a bangin night at xzilar 8 last night and fuckin loves mark eg !!! '
a zimmerman does manila   '
answer to my question ? rt   tweetdeck iphone app vs tweetie : twitter app smackdown   (via   ) '
realize beauty at school ! realize beauty   '
  plz use this as your profile pic in honor of mj   & plz rt ! thx ! luv u all ! rt !!! '
over at singgah selalu jb with a .   '
  today ( 1993 lorena bobbitt ) '
partnerska fuzja easygo .pl i wakacje .pl   '
comic for sale - the transformers comics #1 to 80 : complete e-comic set ! - go to   '
just got home from work ! home has never felt so nice ! :) '
dunno whether to see caveman comedy 'year one ' or not ? my review is here   "
"familiy day " beim htgf , bgh-grundsatzurteil zu web-bewertungsportalen , grnderwerkstatt hannover startet starte ..   '
rt   : rt   : rt       twt by flashlight ...           @ ... '
rt   : 22 " vizio 720 p lcd hdtv $209   my birthday is coming up hint hint '
  this is very possible '
  ok , when is elite iii meeting next year and due ? i come in town on june 27 th . sounds good ! '
new blog post : leasedrive velo launch refined rental :manager   '
american idols tickets and news - buy american idols live tickets ...   '
playstation - sony plant die entwicklung eines spiele-handys - dsltarife .net   '
  rt let me help you generate more business for your sale . totally free . no spam . :-) www .garagesalecow.com '
rt   : okay . zie nu het bericht over ordina en vrijwilligers . vertel je me morgen hoe dit precies werkt ? '
rt     : her name was neda . god rest her soul .   '
yindows .com   '
genera nuevas neuronas con este nuevo producto cannabinoids , llama ya ! y obtendrs una dosis gratis !   '
sieht im real-life noch besser aus !   '
rt   : ensemble of the day : intonarumori iii : borborygmus v1 .0 by rick scott -   '
  concejal psicpata , as hello '
  well the books are only written from sookies pov , so it lacks a lot of the peripheral characters (like tara and lafayette ) '
yfkyufyuklgfugyu :) '
cactu : make another video you nonce , we're all out of funny racistman 3 d : ok whats this ? i appear to have created some sort of motion ! "
finally project clean house is complete !!! i will be taking donations for a maid next time !! '
the crown of 91 is live in the studio right now !   tune in now ! '
iphone   touch_lab '
'
rt   : rt   i have a billionaire mind -dlr (i'm in the same mindset homie ) | sweet now lets put our ideas into action ! "
roland emmerich's sole purpose in life is to scare the crap out of me .   "
my daily twittascope -   '
i'm so jealous !!! rt     - this is where i was 2 days ago ...sigh... "
"this is the one the chakacha \'s song reminded me of (at first ), now i \'m not to sure !   ~86u51 '
pls rt lots of launch day t-shirts ordered 2 day . get yours to get in giveaway for $2000 of iphone stuff deatils here :   '
    - you realize mark's trumped you - he's live streaming ! "
what in life are you most proud of ? '
gotta go to an orientation for j'juans school in a half an hour "
ah bored . '
it's hot .... "
prank call p5 - 2 -   '
  im slow nvmind . '
rt :   :   - '
anti-equality activists need 55,087 signatures to put referendum on ballot . help raise $55,087 to protect marriage equality .   ... '
freelance jobs ! wordpress plugin - fileuploader by embe   '
interest post how havard's mba & future leaders struggle 2 pledg 4 honesty & integrity :   - thanks   "
nzz : bild text un /sinn: u .sd. stellt fest , dass "deutschlands muslime nur schwer zu einem konsens gelangen ." sos ..   '
kinda want to delete this . again . in response to one of you , tulibu dibu douchooo . '
rt from iran : need more vpn account info . going to medics around iran (focusing on north and rural areas ) to help organize . '
if you need a happy , go here :   '
uncool .   is using word to render emails in outlook , killing standards support . see   and rt '
best story all day today :   '
  lol you definitely gassed it ! it looks good tho ! '
the best forex trading platform ? it shouldn't matter | learn penny ...   "
  '
  get 100 followers a day using www .tweeterfollow.com once you add everyone you are on the train or pay vip :) '
acer review , asus review - netbook 10   '
  - malay traditional food makes my tummy goes whoa ... '
veja o que aconteceu com as princesas mais famosas do cinema :   '
je sais maintenant ce que la vraie dfinition de l'amour est "
halloween , alaska : 'drowned'. the bass and drums sound like something off 'synchronicity' by the police . still ...   ~8tg66 "
winrar 3.90 beta 3 portable   '
where are all the swings ?: helloi am not a regular poster (my dp is macspur ) but i thought i would just come her ..   '
he /she chastity   '
my parents hate me . don't even try to tell me any different . "
just got home , time for bed . '
'
rt   : us , russia in dispute over computer attacks : report   '
oh no !! rt   : my 12 yr . old not only gave our address to some unknown "friend online " but his cell phone # too !!! '
big ups to treason specialz 4 keepin me on da sickest boards n in da flyest gear ...yung buddie live .. '
  can't remember the name of the shop but it was in chelmsford "
rt   : anyone at , has a cool idea for another plugin for   ? we will bet on how fast it can be done . '
  sweet ...riverboat trip looked cool . '
rt   whats baller's eve ?   "
"pero sigo siendo el ....papa de los helados !" ->   jajaja '
***** check out the newest & hottest adult xxx dvds and sex toys on sale . great selection of blu-ray at :   '
rt   : i pd so people can watch digital tv , but i won't pay to ensure that i have access to health care ? that is ass fucking backw ... "
normally , we would file this under no shit sherlock . "county health department urges caution during extreme heat "   '
rt - 250 new followers in a day - totally free - no sale -   '
capital of culture has helped liverpool buck the recession : apart from the odd superlambanana peeking out of an ..   '
rachel simmons : what kind of girl power is this ?   '
  thanks , min , i was getting it all completely wrong ! *dozey* '
uo gold blog archive the uo client operated for centuries wit ...   '
  hahaha fine i'll settle for that "
knicks plan to speak with t'wolves about rubio : greenburgh , n .y. (ap) -- when he was finished making picks and c ..   "
rt   joi ust (^^;;   '
"krbes" on mnede minutitega juba mitu p tellimust toonud :   '
lala goes lowlow goes lala '
me love you long time . '
im so fucked and high '
vivo /minas apresentar a equipe para a temporada 09 /10 nesta 5 feira .http://bit.ly/2uxr0m '
[nob friends ] : originally uploaded by luckypines ..   '
musica gostosinha   agora vou dormir (= '
    '
solar vid poolen med pappa '
    - eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeppppp !!! i love them !! '
bald isses wieder soweit : strandfest am birkwitzer kiessee   (via feedly ) '
galera rt ,importante: greenpeacebre a mp continua rolando , ainda tempo de pedir o veto :   '
badminton at uc berkeley (albany / el cerrito ): i play badminton at ucberkeley gym every ..   '
man , girl my age just came in here , only diff is she in a wheelchair ...can't even walk man ...and i complain abt the dumest stuff :( "
  why aren't you calling me back ? i will put you on blast ! ;) "
i cant stand sitting here waiting ..im going to bed ! my deed is done . plus gotta wake up early tomorrow ahhhhhhhhhh , killme '
  guess the muff nsfw '
painting my room ! =] '
my buddy bryan callen is doing his stand up at the improv on melrose 2 nite . i'll be at the 9 :30 show . he funny he very funny . "
learn affiliate marketing - the importance of affiliate marketing ...   '
  '
visit   for 100 % free live webcams the wet girls will do anything you ask in the chat iran '
  yes caffeine and orange fingertips are two of the food groups >thanks for the rt '
hands free home based business ! 12 + income streams , no work . free !   '
rt     udio por buzzina ! '
wow ...   '
mind power 2012 secret subliminal mind power   '
rt   the year of business metrics dont make your users run away ! performance at velocity conference   indeed '
we are enouraging freelancers to bring their buyers from our rival sites and paying them for it on   '
rt   : check out the press release about mbhoh opening in china ! to god alone be the glory !   '
gilberto hume va al 7 rt   : me huele que la chichi va al 7 '
hey you . i like you . notice me ? '
real news   '
nasa volcano image shows atmospheric shockwave .   '
no post title '
makin rice , beans , and fried chicken , who want some lol . gettin mentally prepared to see the lakers win another championship cuz magic suck ! '
my mom is 40 today and my boyfriend is 21 today . fuckin birthday capitol over here '
you can schedule and publish tweets even you are in sleep   '
estas mujeres aqui hablando de tetas y culos pequeos , yo aqui me imagino a las nias que estudiaban conmigo '
like i said long time ago ... 1 st time back to 24 hr in a while . why does tiredness & laziness always creep in ? '
whoiskillparadise '
rt   : thx for the rts & mentions !               ... '
a rainbow in mah hood lol hot !   '
  on the cover of a magazine that says "it\'s offical " "we\'re dating " i \'m on break right now , i might buy it ... '
sonny sharrock - dance with me montana [live in new york ] '
twitter is all a tweet about tweetboard alpha   social media conversations 2.0 on ur web site :-) '
  obviously i'll protect alex but everyone else is fair game "
rt       : want to c y we're all green . these amazing pics tell a moving story :   "
movie quote of the day : "first learn stand ...then learn fly ...nature\'s rule ." - the karate kid '
contemplating what to wear today and then what to wear tonight ... '
  '
  give me 5 mins to wake up , and run to the store meet u in chatroom on   in 5 '
'
first day of school tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! '
u .s. army selects northrop grumman , cobham team to provide vis-x vehicular intercom systems   '
please rt : 16 year loss prevention pro (former dlpm ) looking for work in houston , tx any leads please dm me .... '
coochie is moist   '
take a pay cut or lose your job . it's a difficult proposition for employers as well as employees ,   "
martes melodioso en la oficina :d '
mark do you have the urge to lay under a glass table and watch people poop ? lol ! '
    - did ya make it ? '
morning all . another warm day in stl yay !!! '
alyssa_milano's reply : i don't deserve to die like this ! "
snapshots : free press's reporters share 'memories' of red wings ' 08 -09 season : with the red wings ' sea ..   "
jason has to rest up for surfing tomorrow , gonna be a big day !   '
cubs come back from 7 -0 deficit to defeat the indians !!! eamus catuli !!! '
good night twitter . {when it rains } '
  it depends because some people who are slim or thin look older compared to them ,having some excess baggage . '
sponsored post : stars and stripe case for iphone 3 g , iphone 3 gs : sponsored post : s ..     '
list building your competition is praying you'll never find out about ! the key to ultimate profits !   "
amazing writeup from variety for pop star on ice .   '
rt     bo's lawyer defends walpin firing (law not explicitly applicable anymore ?)   "
jogos da copa 2010 podero ser assistidos pelo celular .   '
rt   one just for the hell of it ... '
rt   :   created a michael jackson internet radio channel for you to enjoy .   please rtit's a freebie "
cocknload .com: daily asian ...   '
rt   new video on vimeo of dialogue .3   - new music from torque '
new blog post why do some people use gadgets and not the oven range ?   ... '
  - puttin ' away the old trophies . good memories :] "
video : st . mary's closes for repairs ..   "
    - love this movie . hsm fr life '
    thee put yo vid up we doin it big now lol wish the skorp show much more success in the future '
neda you are free at last i robert will not leat you be forgouting '
sindelar &#39;s summary : &#39;good, not great &#39;: there was a lot of great golf played out there , so i &#39;m pl ..   '
  listen to this wednesday morning call for 2 plus 7, which was recorded just hours before their official launch ! '
my daily twittascope -   '
actualy getting around to checking my facebook . first time in a very long time . nothing interesting . '
grizzly bear is still boring . but i like   more and more each show '
rt   love travels at the speed of intent ~     <~ love in human forms ~beautiful! '
hyundai accent , india : accent is available for sale : accent is available for sale with the following features :- ..   '
&nbsp;10 - : ..   '
rt @@bgiguy8 repub turncoats mack ca de il nj nj ny wa nj '
  ol , bem vinda ! '
  - bahahahhaha my fake im hot pose lol '
rt : @ sjorsuk webjam up for 2 europas pls vote for us ! best design :   best web app /service:   '
  - buddy guy goes wireless '
rt   : german 'stasi': overthrown - romanian 'securitate': overthrown - iranian 'basij': ??? "
here is the photo album from rumble in the park @ the fizix   '
rt   : i want to win a   pillow ! join their facebook   and /or retweet for a chance to win ! today only '
a "customer\'s manifesto " at oracle support blog by   :   "when i criticize your products , take heed ." '
  , '
news :rt iranian protesters take to the tweets .   '
busses bore me ... i \'ve decided that i \'m going to "redo" my jumper it has no shape and makes me look like the mitchellen man '
herzlichen glckwunsch an pedrag krunic und die   oldenburg zum 1 . meistertitel der vereinsgeschichte ! '
cute yellow baaaaggg *drooliing* hahaha ...   '
i just took the "what musical instrument should you play ?" quiz and got : saxophone ! try it :   '
  '
japan's co2 goal : not so shabby after all ?: if you're new here , you may want to subscribe to our rss fee ..   "
just woke up ... it's 5 pm , meaning last night was successful . "
this latency is caused by ____ ?   '
  i dont know about their corporate claims , but i am sure they are far better than most govt recognised colleges in kerala . '
rt   : cancer /leo bash ii ft .               & more http :/ ... '
  and the eccentric , possibly british owners , of course ! ^^ '
china stock digests no 1 investment for 2009   '
  thanks ! following   ! love her !! she's such a baddie !! "
(rt) rt   : full text of iphone 3 gs piece , including review of nokia n97 is on     '
    - omg !! no wayyy ! lmao ! '
gewinnen & christoph s live sehen     verlost 2 x2karten u .allen, die d .bis do ,25.06.,20:15 retweeten . '
beres hammond - one dance - 11 :18 pm visit www .radiotagr.com/kxlu to tag this song '
it's ridiculously awful ... yet funny as all get out . lol "
youtube down for maintzenance :   '
  it looks like you drew on there with a pink marker ! '
iran \'s business elite , too , is a "dissident"   '
  how long before this happens in amerika ... '
yay .&lt;3 bekomm glaii meinen neuen pc &lt;3 noch schnell alle lesezeichen speichern '
  ily '
  janete guerra pode ver oq est oculto em sua vida :   janete guerra - a profetisa '
  infatuation my friend , told you , infatuation ! '
things get dirty on the 'tonight show ' when norm macdonald jokes about andy richter's past life as a prostitute .   "
fui pro banho enquanto a   abusa vendo meu dvd , hihi boa noite followers '
singing - is it good for your health ? daily religious : it's a community choir for people with parkinson &#3..   "
duivenmelker aboutaleb staat erbij ...: [weblog coolsingel ] het is genoegzaam bekend : het stadhuis is verworden t ..   '
rt   : need some 15 and 30 second spots ? hire your user base .   - promotion strategy 2.0 -more popular by the day '
rt   bono talks to tv3 in barcelona about the claw and the u2 360 tour :   (youtube) '
rt   gesprch zwischen &   in der zeit   (via   ) '
  so we just gonna be strangers now smfh !!! '
thanks   !! rt   : broadcasting live now ! hall of fame at   '
jackson hewitt tax service taps former h &r block ceo   '
  '
  i dare you to give me an iphone !! open your market to baby boomers and win !   '
make $15 in 1 hour at home - try it now take surveys and get paid (free)   '
fuk yeah !!!! usa ! usa ! '
rt   : the dancing filipino prisoners make a new michael jackson tribute video !   '
yeah we jus did the damn thang and held it down 4 the boot imma try and get sum pix 4 yall stay tuned ! '
  o que fazer quando todos os meios conhecidos para vender a casa falham ? twitter . '
  : elementary school saving fuel , money , and environment with rentar   '
  '
  great rt   how not to write a query letter :   '
  - first try playing equate , its like scrabble only harder when drinking ... '
  remember when it was cold outside and snowing ? '
your weekly hot list :: 6.15 .09 to 6.21 .09 -   '
rt   i am prepared for martyrdom , go on strike if i am arrested '
my aweome agent : rt   : open for queries once more . see new post   '
tenho indgnao ao ver essa reporter no ar . '
fondue !!! '
o principio da persuaso moral , razo de cincia .... aprendemos muito nestas comisses '
piratpartiet gr frn "enfrgeparti" till "ettmnesparti" enligt sren holmberg :   '
  2 '
agenda /minutes - agenda (10k) - mtg : park board - 6 /23/2009, 7 :00 pm   '
  rt   lot's to share today , first . . . vegas ! if you'll be there oct . 12 - 18 th :   "
performance automall's spectacular savings tent event : beginning now through ... through june 30 th , 2009 ...the pe ..   "
john pranger : will the lab rat really cure cancer ? -   '
most epic thing in the world   '
at my moms work =]]tired=/...idk what now ...(my tounge looks like a fake bake ;)...dont ask '
check out my quote website   tell me what you guys think ! '
  thanks bub !!!!!!! how are you !? '
en ook op twitter   rt   hier moet ik echt niet te lang naar kijken   '
new guest blog by az rep . john shadegg : six reasons government healthcare is bad for america   '
  metro station is like so old haha '
rt   : updated fake list --   -- please let us know if you find any more '
  haha yeah i know ! i love it though . mad world reminds me donnie darko more '
listening to jimmie deeghan's new songs . so good . "
i want one :   '
rt   : sonny and cher always called her chas , anyway . what a difference a z makes . so now its chaz boner ?? '
we got the cds ! corporate grown is now a reality , and we will be spending this week diving into piles of fresh cds like scrooge mcduck . '
"if you \'re in pieces , just follow the echo of my voice . it \'s ok , tune into that frequency ." - spit it out by iamx . oh gawd , i \'m in love . '
  jajaj yo voi maana a jugar con dos amigos , seguramente pierda , ellos juegan muxo mas , pero weno xd '
  jaja , lo mejor el tipo volando por el hueco . la "periodista", sin palabras . '
    - i miss them too !! it's been way to long for me :( hurry boyz ! "
  har en knsla av att det r russinen , men det knns nd obehagligt . byter musli per omgende ! '
the boss - ghost of tom joad -   '
  i'm soooo craving some carne asada fries ! "
dont you read the scriptures i leave on your pillow ? teehee , dale '
i need my friends to celebrate with me july 11 and august 22 . '
recette : salade de fruits au basilic et au gingembre   '
rt     seems perez hilton was assaulted by will .i.am of the black eyed peas and his security guards ? '
goodmorning ! about to have a ultrasound sound done on my stomach ........too early in the morning for this '
here at amc promenade about to watch the hangover !! girls night out with my cousins .   '
driving up to that big confab filled with cooperation , love , and unity that is my denom annual meeting . or something like that . ;-) '
zipcar to go public next year (   ) '
"will you be there "- michael jackson (1991, dangerous , no . 11 ) makes me cry . especially his poem at the end . :-\'( '
  no bananas this time . next time though ! '
bij de wakeboard baan .. x -   '
~~~~~~~~~ '
i just reached level 4 .   '
i was tired but i wanted some bonding time w / my lil sis b4 she goes off to school   '
www .igniteusa.biz personal finance : women and retirement : put some life in th ..   www .igniteusa.biz '
rt   : the white house has drafted an executive order to allow indefinite detention of terror suspects without a trial , the w ... '
had fun driving around nuthin to do ...i'm done wit high school ..i'm grown :-d..dosin off to sleep slowly ...   "
  when yah leave out ? mi a buy mi ticket a mawning fi di 23 rd a july '
  - you better feel better .!! and if i get sick the blame is so on you (; just think positive ..(dd) '
website updated , new show posted , itunes rss will be updated shortly   '
ronaldo millions mask debt-laden english football the roar ...   '
fri jul 03 july 4 th festival weekend takeover : biz markie & keri hilson @ house of blues new orleans new orleans   '
aw i love this , how could not love   rt ...mirrors are a losing game cause they only show u backwards anyway '
i believe this post is guaranteed to make your day 10 x better ...   '
  hey david !! my sis is a big fan of yours .... its her birthday today .. would you at least greet her .. please !!... '
waiting for the first jacko jokes to start filtering thru ... '
      dj latin prince looked out for us , he's a beast , bum squad djs . "
    - it looks like she's your handler coming to take you home before you punch another midget or some ... "
i'm addicted to draw my thing   "
rt   pudge ties fisk's mark for games caught (ap)   "
  - 14062009037 '
  breathe through you feet =d hehehe i just remembered that from last night lol '
soundgarden reunion rumors making the rounds   '
rt   chart .ly - bgu   trade still on $es_f $spy $sso $$ '
woohoo me and gemma got tickets ! '
"omg they \'re huge !!!" bahaahahhahahaahahahahaa '
one week until the seafarers midsummer gala , boeing sponsoring the silent auction , kate adie obe attending   '
rt   drink wilkins coffee or else this muppet will kill you   '
rt   build self confidence in u ! coaching center   '
  my skills are pretty impressive . and . it reaches from the other side of the atlantic too xd '
hilarious website : awkward family photos   (via   ) '
oh ! what a night .tres hot .cool long drink anyone ? '
the continued erosion of the usa as we know it . there is a revolution afoot and the people are clueless   '
rt   : rt   : the 3 rd tv ad will be on tv next week , watch it first on youtube :   '
  wth aha o .0 '
  album art in n97 should be included in the mp3 metatags . just fix your tags , put album art in and off u go .   '
what's wrong w people ! rt   :   - puppy survives being flushed down toilet (video) "
  upda gyllenhaal tell-all in the works !!!: don't get too excited !! nothing a ..   "
  - i'm going to make this today . cause flash pwns , and everyone else fails . "
the 90 -year evolution of swine flu (medical news today )swine flu updates !   '
i know why boy   '
  gtho , haha , lakers all the way , breh . '
rt   true blood was good ! can't believe that we have to wait 2 weeks for some new tb action . "
: mtr issues record event report (rer)   '
hummmm ;p '
check this video out -- give it 2 me madonna   '
day 52 - recuperation . the funds see no love after my intergalactic expedition ? that makes me sad .   '
[pic]   '
this is horrifying :   what is wrong with this kid ?? '
  '
rt   : how to know if he (or she ) is 'the one ' (@cnn)   "
  that sounded sexual .. what are you guys up to ? :p '
new post ! jake brown + mathias ringstrom - 2006 lg action sports world tour - ftv - pt . 1   '
rt   ash are guilty on east village radio tonight 8 pm (est) / 1 am (gmt)   '
rt   : life is too short for you to be shaped by voices of those who don't know you or care about you ...who you listen to matters ! "
lambin ' in miamin ' "
howard stern just sang an example of the spiderman musical . i want to see it ! '
  on my way to los angeles in a couple days ready to party '
we recommend checking out spacefunk   '
  '
  thought u hated it =) '
  thanks 4 rt :d '
rt   rt   zionist dj vu over iranian election 09   '
00 :28uhr - mnner spielzeug xxl '
i so wish you'd been right rt   this is going to be a low scoring affair . i can smell it . "
immortal technique & akir - in time (remix): "in time " este o pies (remix), nelansat , nc din ...   '
  in joplin with the sweetest baby in the world ! '
i have made my fortune how about you ?   '
one of the greatest beer stores in portland , johns market place !   '
  take a peek at this video . similar to the laughter ...dance brought everyone alive .   '
iphone 3 g and 3 g s to get new and improved protection - pr web (press release ): iphone 3 g and 3 g s to get new an ..   '
full out - i'm sick of everyone asking me about the black eye - i'm not going anywhere until i'm fully functional ... for realz "
hey   my parents hav such bad timing ... (amandapalmer live >   '
nurcan taylan 4 rekor krd   '
commenting on excellent "ed week " article . (so good that i wish i \'d written it .) topic : state gaming the test scores .   '
rt   just read . gr8 article ! rt   rt   : rt :   : think beyond iipm !   '
2000 peugeot 406 2,0 4 d . st   '
indian high commissioner meets rehman malik   '
dems pass largest tax increase in history -- house passes cap & tax   (via feedly ) simply remember who passed this . '
rt   amd gains market share from intel in q1   '
kahlenberg ser frem til udfordringer : thomas kahlenberg ser frem til de udfordringer , der venter efter skiftet ..   '
come on people i need 1 k followers .. to feel important .. rt me follow   '
  he's an f **in child molester . hopefully je goes to hell "
  - at the beach ... '
posted new raw /high raw receipes . check 'em out !   follow your inspirations ! cheers ! "
den bildschirm anstarren bringt absolut nichts . warum hab ich das blo gewhlt ...? '
rt   : an allochromatic (colours not as they seem ) optical illusion rt   (via   )   '
  today i have earned 50 $ from internet .happy!!   '
yay for almost 24 hours awake . '
says i'm totally bumming out from doing my homework ! i still have to do my anatomy 1, memorize 2 poems and try ...   "
  i'm so glad i'm not the only broken record ! "
hey   soljaboy 2009 shut the hll up (officialbowwow live >   '
i was fooled by   on   '
  i agree completely , but a counterpoint .   '
  hey !! my first and favorite car was white .   '
rt   healthcare reform : too much about cost , not enough on patient care , experience , outcomes . [...]   .   '
  maybe you should step away from the mac . '
lunch consisted of mozzarella baby plum tomatoes mushrooms and green pesto all swizzed together tasty tasty '
rt   follow these 32 woman !! :) "33 intriguing women on twitter (you need to follow )":   (via   ) '
es mas poderoso que yo en verdad ...   ... iugh ! '
by   the lonely h on tour plus new video !:   '
andere website : vermist : rood witte kater vermist (zuid holland )   '
wallpaper   '
musingt blog archive firefox 3.5 launch : social media !: there &#39;s a plethora of social media tools out there ..   '
love coda ! rt   : para users que programam um timo   ... '
  hmmm . thts rude . but bye ! '
  not even gonna lie . i &lt;3 that disco mess , would wear it in a heartbeat . is it mj ? '
  yes , and being fat and lazy should definitely not count as a "disability"! '
  i can't bcuz it won't allow me to go into the main screen . idk what else to do ... "
who knew legos could do that ? - photo :   '
rt   - something tells me mark sanford became a huge fan of michael jackson today . '
  xd ! '
rt   : rt   : we r sad 2 report that life's iranian photojournalist is missing   "
if i ever meet this woman (see cover ) on the street , i'll fall in love with her :   "
watching bodyrock / moby on boxee . check it out at   '
r   alistapart 2008 :   //40-4970+%10 '
abducted indian nuke scientist found dead pakistan front   '
rt   risikoregister   lokalisierung von feldern mit gen-pflanzen (via   ) '
"el conocimiento lo cambia todo . avances de la ciencia nos pueden ayudar a tener una vida ms agradable ", enrique gnem   '
rowe turns on that inside fastball and hammers a double . nice looking swing . augie is going to let torres swing , which is the right move imo '
memanjang tribute to mj . erghh ! '
correction : realogics acquires "onsite" assets   '
its clear to me now that we were never meant to be '
  tu pique-niques encore ?? '
score ! real internet for the first time in two and a half months . thank you very much charter ! :) '
...........sigh.......... .:*jaime*:. '
gratittude to god ! may god bless with wealth and happiness !. please check this !   '
wsop event : conversations with ylon : ylon schwartz is in a conversation and it's clear he's a good listener ...   "
  '
cleaninq &gt;:| tryna qet a cut later . '
choosing the right photo printer ii   '
seo director - online marketing company - new york , ny   '
hey   lakers will win most definitely (kingswagjojo live >   '
good band-second hand buzz-playing at the prairie bar and grill this week end in brush prairie ,wa cheers .www.superstretchlimousine.com. '
rt   police at a protest in tbilisi , georgia , beat a press photographer and erased photos , reuters reports .   '
rt   : funny nestle video (philippines) ... foreigner speaks tagalog part 2 ad .   '
horny goat is on the road again today with 11 stops . tweets with locations coming soon ! find out where we'll be and come get horny ! "
learn all about organic gardening   '
i got tears in my eyes , no joke . good night , my king . you were one of the greatest .   '
  we were blessed with sun saturday but are once again enveloped in cloud , rain , fog , chill . this too shall pass '
iseeyou 20 : mountain view   '
  yeah man me too ....sorry i missed your call ... i was in the grocery store . '
caught all 3 bunnies and they are now living here in the woods along currie park golf course . good luck guys !   '
real defender slams ronaldo signing   '
rt   how pros make money online with incomediary .com   '
says wan shang hao ! :]   '
i uploaded 13 new photos and created a slideshow at slide .com ..   '
my daily twittascope -   '
we can only hope ......rt   "the new horace and scottie ?" sam compares this years draft with 1987 ...   '
now hiring full time retail sales consultant lo ... - beverly hills , ca   '
  : whoa -kristen stewart debuts full joan jett hair ! '
check out the latest 'are you kidding me ?' story :   "
federazione italiana triathlon gare presentazione ...: presentazione sono numerose le iscrizioni giunte in q ..   '
everybody follow my girls   &   !! they real kool & fun to twit !! '
my daily twittascope -   '
ncaa football 10 demo impressions (xbox 360 ) - teamxbox - ncaa football 10 demo impressions (xbox 360 )teamxboxit sh ...   '
my two hour run really had me down for the count yesterday , feeling better this morning . '
  - headline of the day : air force pounds milf lairs with rockets (via   ) '
  did you know that kim even without make looks very good someone attended me on that yesterday .. '
rt   :   is open again :) (rt if you like to ) '
my daily twittascope -   '
minchin tries members ' bill for nbn scrutiny : shadow communications minister nick minchin has introduced a priva ..   "
whoo the show is getting interesting ! :] '
  from : void 00110000 - another method for relays !   " (mr. president , "it\'s a wonderful life !" . . . '
- gatens talks european trip (rivals.com)   '
could an "internet access tax " really aid the newspaper industry ?   '
nobody's news - ron paul on cap and trade   "
o real poder de armas de destruio em massa vejam exelentes fotos :   '
  anything from mack ,sienkiewicz,mcguinnes,laroca,keith,drew robinson ,chiodo,pearson,art adams ,mignola,mad,hughes,timm n on n on .. '
jadakiss featuring dmx , eve , drag-on , styles p , and new artist sheek louch . praise them for bringing hip-hop back . remix to "who\'s real " '
still in training ........... '
tony shalhoub , neil patrick harris , and more ! - the jacksonville observer   '
army order allows facebook , flickr on some stateside computers ...   '
rt   : fabled burger king employee places single onion ring in everyone's fries   "
  shut the hell up , wtf is that !? '
rt   :   is rsvp'ing a word ? *it is now lol like twittering * "
rt starshinin ~buy one , get second item (equal lesser value ) free www .bonanzle.com/starshinin '
so apparently the pentagon has another use , as a trap for drunk drivers :   '
life isnt about finding yourself . lifes about creating yourself . we help you do just that .   '
nkita q lhat ng mga frends q knina ! yipeee ! daldalan 2 d max ! hehehe ^_____^. '
video of wee man and travis jamming -   '
  - sorry , didn't see that you wrote it . i'll rt "
  - heyy people , how are you ? '
-   plz rt '
rt   : kinda sad right now , just heard about farrah , one of my favorites . her hair and smile were breath taking . luv u farrah . '
all email marketing mistakes posted by : khurram zaveri 1 -   '
rt   any iranian who needs ssh tunnel to use as proxy : mail at nikonoel dot fr plz rt '
sachsen : insolvenzen nehmen ab : die anzahl der insolvenzverfahren ist im ersten quartal 2009 in sachsen gegenbe ..   '
repensando a rotina de novo . dessa vez com a cabea em 2010 . de que vale viver sem se preocupar ? '
bba portal blog archive career tip of the week (june 15 th ...   '
:   '
bonjour les amis !   '
photo :   '
    - lmao it looks like the future . i really should be studying for my finals but no im commenting o ... '
our tweetup with   is moving from the 9 th to the 23 rd to allow everyone time to plan and for us to secure sponsors ! '
[seomoz] whiteboard friday - correlation , causation & seo   '
  os meus sentimentos . fiquei genuinamente triste por ver cair mais um clube da minha cidade . '
richard marx : thomas-rasset verdict is farcical : if you havent been following the case of riaa vs . jammie ..   '
new post : new age thick stemmed martini glasses : i thought i can live with having 2 sets (4 glasses ) of ..   '
rt   you cant talk your way out of what youve behaved yourself into . - stephen covey '
rt   "@leojaime soccer is a little box of surprises ? "of course , my horse . see ? i \'m a poet ! '
check this out :   '
hey everybody !! nothing special happening .. just the same old . hungry for pizza .. haha '
please rt : msdn blog postings blog archive microsoft surface at hitec 2009 : you can follow the mic ..   '
listening to "heretics - andrew bird "   ~88f4s '
its not necessary that you like my radical thoughts . i have seen enuf complacence already !   '
run gini run ! time is running out ! you can make it ! :d '
  sittin here doin the same exact thing , i thought i was the lame watchin jackson 5 on a friday night '
  hooray ! =d '
  xtwug xtwug twug twug xtwug xtwug xtwugs '
still trying to grasp how to exactly light my set ... hmm ... i think i am going to need a different bulb . '
eating home made oatmeal !!! also it 230 pm and i woke up half an hour ago !!! because i was awake till 7 am '
laos confirms first three cases of new flu   '
rt   : the beatles in google street view   '
nike air force 1 premium "black history month " size 12 added for $600 [greene]   '
george eastman house   photography art photo images photos museums archive gallery museum '
the ean barcode -plugin for illustrator is great ! all in vectors = scalable , editable , transparent . designing productbags for a local bakery '
  ;) i may even be able to borrow a card and pay them back in cash , if that turns out to be easier . i'll sort it tomorrow . cheers ! "
  nam version ? did you change product code ? '
freelance jobs ! need writers for 350 word articles by gdinfo   '
  alright ! congratulations !!! '
in ny for our second stop ! i guess at this point i'm twittering when we relieve ourselves ?http://bit.ly/qtwxn "
new blog post : photographer's blog - day 1 - jon currie   "
pregnancy and chiropractic care | ventura acupuncture : chiropractic and pregnancy is it advisable to get your sp ..   '
  wooo-hoooo ;-) '
fries team wint zonnebootrace 2009 : het team furia one uit leeuwarden heeft de zeeuwse zonnebootrace 2009 gewonnen .   ... '
must see : june 26 alikhani's speech in majlis in support of mousavi (english subs )   rt "
cedar rapids : plenty of money for flood buyouts : by rick smith a funny thing happened this week : the city counci ..   '
    - you're really good ! [: "
new word : copeck stands for 100 kopecks equal 1 ruble -   '
working on my german b /c i'm badass like that "
quiero seguir mas tumblrs venezolanos u .u   '
  this time my hubs and i could only agree on one girl name . it was like pulling teeth getting any input too '
f-sa 6 /19-20 retro weekend films , some free   (la.com) '
rt   : just had a flat and fucked my rim up . (sad )...ol well just material shit anyway . '
rt   : today , we unveiled opera unite .   '
vou estudar qumica ! >>> rt :   18 de junho dia do qumico . pela rais , so 5,8 mil profissionais no brasil   '
  yeah , npr is still pretty good news , but i'm watching them degrade weekly like cnn did in early 90 s . painful to watch . "
robertmarbun .com blog archive making money in the offline ...: ...     '
rt   : twitter success =sharing, caring , retweeting , being yourself , being positive & a dash of humor . '
  jap war am anfang schwer !! bin jetzt aber 2 wochen dran geblieben und es wird immer besser !!! '
rt   ohdear . . .   '
opera incorpora servios de mdia e troca de arquivos a navegador web - unite oferece compartilham   '
coral dreams charm bracelet   '
talk about 'owning' someone ...i wish someone would pay that kind of money for our cakes lol   "
what's up with the honey suckle this year ? is it blooming late ? trying to make some honey suckle soap , but can't find any blooms . "
after said mampossssss to vika ...and then i've got a very very bad influenza   "
rt   : hov cut his hair , that means the album is done . '
rt   : 10 tips to get the most of your visit to downtown wilmington on the 4 th of july -   '
re :   this is beautiful , and it is something that stowe boyd would have fun with , especially since he is work   '
a crappy kodak moment : certain bills , like 'teevote', were overpaid ; meaning , perhaps , that i can't fast-foward doodly-squat until tomorrow . "
rt :   fucked upppppp ...happy bday   '
new post : hi i am 19 male i was only just 5 '3 but my parents are mare than me .my growth male hormone was very l ... (http://cli.gs/9hdee) "
rt   rt   : we did it   are #1 let's keep it that way !   ktbspa "
lack of impulse control contributes to text bullying - study - otago daily times : lack of impulse control contri ..   '
  i smell laser cell . '
rt   : stephen will be performing a special tribute to michael jackson at glasto , dangling a baby over the edge of the stage . '
waiting in the car .   '
  - wow ....underoath are so amazing ...stoked for my prime spot ! haha '
my daily twittascope -   '
even though i'm just headin i'm proud of myself for not doing what i could have "
ir a dixelhost :   '
rt   : as of right now mj cds are the bestsellers on amazon . everybody wants a piece of history .. '
rf engineering manager - houston , tx * - clearwire - tx - houston (http://tinyurl.com/otxaa7) careerbuilder '
  vocs j sao responsaveis por isso ! :d '
freelancing projects translation requirement from english to gujarati ,tamil &telugu: title :..   '
rt   : say no to diesel pollution . electric trains are the only solution . .cleantrain.ca '
new blog post :   - la destitucin de zelaya , una oda a la hipocresa . '
macbook pro l'option cach :   "
    - massat sir ? '
sound of music , burlington photos : sloan , kim mitchell & more   '
this is what fascism looks like .   '
news : american werewolf in london remake ?: seems so . john landis , who made the classic horror film about an amer ..   '
rt   : retailers that have offered free music downloads in their emails this month : sephora , urban outfitters and wal-mart . '
